# How Adam Robinson Scaled RB2B to $5M ARR in 13 Months

**YouTube:** [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBKUsO2Vb5s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBKUsO2Vb5s)
**Expert:** Adam Robinson
**Segments:** 1464

---

## Transcript

Hello everyone. Welcome to another episode of the productled podcast. Today I have a incredible guest. His name is Adam Robinson and if you've been on LinkedIn, you have probably hopefully heard of him because he's just everywhere on LinkedIn. He is the co-founder and CEO at Retention.com and RB2B. And he has a fantastic story. So, we're going to go through how he took RB2B from 0 to 5 million in 13 months with just by people. And he's also going to share behind the scenes how he bootstrapped retention.com to 13 million in a recurring revenue with just six people. So, this is crazy crazy story. You're going to learn exactly how he did it, how he spent years banging his head trying to figure out how the heck to actually do this, and you can save yourself a lot of pain by just paying attention to this. So, make sure to enjoy and let me know your takeaways on LinkedIn. Enjoy. The main topic for today is we're going to go through how did you bootstrap our B2B from zero to 5 million in a recurring revenue in 13 months. And I think you said today was actually the day you like finally hit it. Believe it or not, yes, it was meant to be. I know. It's crazy. And it's still up there. You know, the churn's so bad. I always worry that like we often times we like we cross these milestones and then we go backwards and like we're we're lower than that for a couple weeks but it actually happened today. RB2B.bearmetrics.com I have our our metrics posted. I've heard of people who have worse churn rates than me. I've never actually seen a dashboard where it's worse than mine. So if you want to see what bad churn looks like, go to that URL and check it out. So yeah, it was meant to be today's the day. I think you know every overnight success is 10 years in the making. So it's like really helpful for founders to understand the whole story that was behind this rather than just be like how do you do that? Yes. You know what I mean? Like and funny enough the story of my last business is very similar to this. It's like it really took off and we went like one to 13 or we went zero to 13 million error in two and a half years with six people but like it was the two years before it and banging my head against the wall that actually like allowed for that unlock. But the unlock happened all at once. Right. So So that's I'm I'm going to give some background and then describe like the year before and then describe the year of. Yeah. Because I I think many people including myself would be like that's just amazing. I could just go ahead do that. But it's like the headbanging part that that's actually where the magic's made because it's like once you find the solution, it's like it's scaling. It's like relatively straightforward, but then it's headbanging. So this is the hard part. So what did that look like for both of those businesses for those like one or two years before before you're like I have like either an insight or a product idea and let's let's go down as route. I'll just tell the story of the first business because it literally leads to this, right? So like my very first startup was called Robbley Email Marketing. It got stuck at 3 million ARR. It's a really really hard space. The the email newsletter space, it's just incredibly competitive. It's one it's like the second oldest space in SAS behind CRM. Like Mailchimp had the single best execution I have ever seen any company do. They made a product free that no one thought could be free. you know, six or seven years went by with that offer before anyone knew how big they were, which is just phenomenal. And then once they got there, it was too late, right? So, it and for those who don't know, Mailchimp based in Atlanta, they basically chugged along as an agency for 10 years or something like that. I mean, 1 million in revenue or something like that. And then they started sending emails for their customers and then they made it a SAS. And then Constant Contact went public in 2009. They were 2 million ARR. The founders looked at the space. They're like, "Okay, we're in this space. There's two smaller competitors than Constant Contact who are doing the exact same thing Constant Contact is with with less resources. That doesn't sound right. How can we do something wildly different?" So, they came up with this like 2,000 contacts for free offer, which is like free for like 90% of email marketing users. And they made it work. And and it's just incredible. And then within five years they were a 100red million ARR with one developer. Crazy. Yeah. But they were just they're the opposite of me. They were staying quiet about it. So anyway, I was trying to compete in this space where Mailchimp just had this unbelievably dominant position. And there's a saying, I think it's in the 22 immutable rules of marketing by Jack Trout and Alves. It's like if someone has above 60% market share in a space, you need to outspend them 3 to one like to to to outmarket them. So like I don't know if that is dead accurate or not, but that is like mostly true because like once and and Claio enjoys that within the Shopify ecosystem. They literally have like 70% market share of Shop by Plus stores. And I think why that happens is because if you walk into a room of people like you and seven out of 10 of them are using a product, you use that product, right? Like it doesn't even matter if one's better or worse or like whatever else. It's like if these people are me and they're using this and I use it. So like Mailchimp literally had that for email marketing users because they had this free play and nobody else had free play. So that was a really hard space to grow. I got to three millionaire and I spent the next two years banging my head against the wall trying to figure out what Mailchimp wasn't doing and I made some catastrophic big bets and fails. Tried to go above Mailchimp building an entirely new software. There were already 10 vendors there. I didn't do proper customer discovery. Literally just like deleted the code. That took a year, a million dollars. Then like I tried to like take over this authorized local expert program, Constant Contact, who was like the the pioneer and Mailchimp was the followon. Didn't work at all. It was a branding effort for them. small startups can't afford to do that type of branding, you know, unit economics weren't there. Shut it off, got sued by Constant Contact. It was a disaster. So, finally, like, you know, and then I'm just like stuck. I'm so, you know, I have this like revenue stable, users slowly shrinking SAS that like is not a retirement plan, you know, like I I know I need to do something else. And I literally heard at a lunch that it was possible to identify an anonymous website visitor and connect that to a deliverable email address. But the person that I heard it from was like, I can't do it cuz my investors and my clients like it's just too gray area. But you know, and and like I was like, whoa, like if I could do this, I could sell this to literally anyone. And I just started digging and like I think 6 months later, we came up with a way to white label it. My idea was it would be inside of the newsletter product and it would help the newsletter product grow, but like people would then use the identity feature, download the file, put it in Claio and say it was awesome, right? So like very good sign in product market bucket fit. I'm like I need to get rid of this newsletter app spin out the identity part of it and connect it to everything. We probably have a good company. So like that was get emails which is now retention.com and that's the story there. So three years of banging my head against the wall leads to this feature in a product where people are saying the feature is so good but enduring this horrible user experience of downloading the file and putting it in their newsletter app. Right? So like the discovery was done through that. I was all excited because it was going to be the way I grew my newsletter, but discovery happened to me out of coincidence. We were like, "Why aren't you sending any emails?" They're like, "We don't want to use your newsletter." Right. So, this other random thing that there's not a big part of it is what I care about. You're like, "Yeah, exactly." And then we launched in on November 9th, 2019, I made a word art video on Upwork using digitalmarketer.com's templating for how to make a video sales letter. Recorded it on my iPhone. The audio sounds horrible. It's still on retention.com's YouTube channel. It's called the OG Get Emails Vid. And put five $5,000 of ad spend behind it. Got 10K MRR in three weeks. So like that it was like holy of what is now retention.com which then led to RB2B, right? So something kind of similar happened leading up to RB2B, right? So get emails and retention.com has always been a very high churn product because we had we didn't hone in on an ICP until like three and a half years in. We didn't even realize e-commerce were our best customers until like two years in because it just takes I don't know. It's like I get this PLG thing, everyone's signing up for it. Churn is absolutely horrible and then you know one day you wake up and you're like wait a second like all these big Shopify guys are sending all their friends to us and not asking to be paid and they never cancel. It's like oh well that's interesting. What if we only gave demos to big Shopify guys? So this is kind of all happening at the end of 2022 and we launched RB2B at the beginning of 2024. So 18 months prior to RB2B and and I'm saying that for a reason. So what I thought was if we focused on the big Shopify guys and we added another feature set with this identity then we our metrics would change from this really high churn thing to like more of what Claios looked like. It would be very sticky. we would have revenue expansion. It would be a beautiful thing. And then at the same time, we started to like really drum up a lot of activity in this ecosystem. Like I started posting on LinkedIn. We started like doing a lot of events and trade shows and getting better at it. And like I was I had just watched Jasper.ai go from zero. They're in the same co-working spot. Yeah. Yeah. I Well, I was renting a desk in their office and I just watched it happen. They were stuck for two years and then they created this thing and then it was a unicorn and like they raised and they took secondary and they're you know I was just like oh like I can do it too you know and like right at that point it's like when when early product market fit is like a crazy thing especially when it's like new it just feels I just can't imagine a more satisfying feeling to an entrepreneur than that. Yeah. It's like a Rubik's cube, honestly. Like it's like you're you're playing around with that for years. Yeah. And and it's overwhelming. And I think the first time you experience it, I think it's very easy to not see, you know, in our case like our metrics didn't turn into Claios for a lot of reasons, right? Like I did this stuff where like, you know, we had people paying us 10, 15, 20 grand a month. I put everyone on 5K which was a killer deal for them thinking we could raise it to 10K the next year. Next year we had six competitors and they were going to those guys and saying we'll do it for 2K even though their ROI was like 50x, right? So like I got the defensibility all wrong. Like we didn't have any sort of network effect. We were actually overselling these guys. So like it seemed but anyway I like was so certain that we were going to turn into Jasper because of the the just crazy demand for this product at that time and the hype we were able to create that like I hired a bunch of people and we were unicorn bound and then it was just you know 6 months later it was like and like every week for those six months my expectations got higher and higher because of what was happening right and it just the data was telling us that we were going to crush it. But like, you know, we went from thinking in December of 2022 that there were 50,000 stores we could sell a $50,000 deal to in 7 days with an 80% close rate to 1,500 stores that we could sell a 20,000 deal to in 30 days with still a very high close rate, 60 or 70%. So, and the churn didn't get solved. So like there was just this horrible horrible pain in the middle of 2023 that I experienced. I think a lot of other people experienced it too. Like it got it just got exacerbated by the bare market for SAS. And you know I had this guy Santos working for us at the time and he's a B2B guy and he kind of came on to help me like scale to this unicorn because he's like done Apollo and he did Zoom info and he did a bunch of other stuff and the whole time he's been like dude like B2B needs this product. Like there's there's only the company level signal out there. it's valuable. You know, they're not selling $100 pair of shoes. They're selling $50,000 software. There's no way it's not valuable. So, I had been like, Santosh, a I was just basically like, we made like a floundering failed attempt at it in 2022. Like, literally took it off the website. It It was all wrong. It was just like personal emails for business use, which did not work. And then in 2023, in the beginning of 2023, I was like, "Shut up. This ecom thing is where it's at, basically." And then by the middle of 2023, I'm like, well, I'm not sure this ecom thing is where it's at. Like, our business is a disaster. We need to like clean everything up before we can even think about making a B2B product, but he was still in my ear about it. And then this is all leading up to the culmination of what started this thing. And really, what started this thing wasn't Santo telling me we needed to build it. It was the fact that in July, our VP sales quit. And instead of replacing him, we had 20 reps. We took that rep team down to four and didn't replace the VP of sales because I was like I was like, I just don't think outbound works anymore. Like there's nothing you tell these reps to do that would like get them to book demos. Like we have a brand that's pulling in demand and like maybe we can get that up by 5 or 10%. But if we had, you know, four people or 40 people, it would still only go up by five or 10%. like the demo. We would have to grow our marketing machine in order to like make these BDRs book demos. So, I wrote a post about how the VP sales quit absolutely crushed, you know, 30 times the engagement anything else I've ever written. And then after that, people started coming to me and being like, "Dude, like you let everybody go. Like, how's it going?" And I'm like, "Bro, it's like moving faster. It's the weirdest thing ever." Like, what? And there were and then I could just feel that like everybody was like, "Is my BDR team doing anything?" So, like then I make this other post about BDR and it's like 300 times the literally it was like thousands of likes that I got and I was like, "Holy shit." And then I went to Alec and I was like, "Dude, Sontosh has been wanting to build this B2B product for a long time. I've never seen anything like these two posts that happened four months apart. What if I just pivoted my entire content brand to talk about B2B instead of trying to attract these Shopify guys, which I was doing before, right?" He's like, "You can give it a shot. You want to go 50/50?" I'm like, "Fuck it." Like, I'm not sure what this is doing for I think Twitter's the spot for Shopify anyway, so like let's keep tweeting, but I'll write for LinkedIn for B2B SAS. And then like it was over Labor Day in 2022. I was in Santa Fe with my friends when the BDR post hit. And then I was like, I think I know why that crushed so hard. So, I'm going to write three more posts and see what happens. And then I sat down to write him before dinner and like I came out and I've been talking to them a little bit a little bit about this virality thing that just fell upon me and I'm like guys I think I wrote three killer [ __ ] posts. If I am correct and they crush then I know what is going on in this LinkedIn thing. If they don't crush then I don't right like because I'd felt kind of like lost up until this point. So like bang bang bang each of them had 2500 to 3,000 likes within like 24 hours. So, I was like, "That's write a post for a B2B revenue leader that will crush." And they were on three different topics and they were like agitating three different like types of people or whatever. Like, and then I went back to Santos and I was like, "Okay, I have a marketing funnel here." Because like the critically important thing about getting Get Emails off the ground was this Facebook ad campaign I ran for six months. You know, it like the product was different. It was not great, but it was very different than anything else out there. And then I had this amazing air cover mechanism that allowed the word of mouth to accelerate and our cold email to work better. People were replying to cold emails saying, "I've seen the Facebook ads. I'll do a demo." Right? But then the Facebook ads stopped working after 6 months. So we stopped doing that and like started sort of trying to figure out whatever. But like that was getting it off the ground. So I think that gets back to the first point though of like how you validate demand before building anything. It was like that market idea. You haven't touched on it yet, but you're like the inbound le outreach was that new kind of approach, not BRS, it's how do you do this? Exactly. And then I started posting about that idea and I started posting about accountbased marketing and I started posting about six cents and demandbased and the account level stuff and I just put something in the footer like DM me you know if you want to close the loop on ABM and get website identity at the person level and I'd get like I'm talking like hundreds of people writing in to say I want to talk to you about this. So Santos and I between October 2020 three in March of 2024 when we launched our B2B probably did 300 discovery calls and everybody was like I want this everybody. We had like a two three,000 person weight list when we launched and and then I want you know again and like I I I knew I was able to sustain this like incredible LinkedIn performance and I think that I still have you know and that to me was just like the most unfair marketing advantage you could possibly have you know the just because the reach was bigger than anybody. It was exactly the people we wanted to sell to and like I didn't think the unicorns in the space had as good a reach as I did. I didn't have a [ __ ] product yet, right? Like so, but you did like 300 discovery calls. So, like I know there's like the mom test. I highly recommend that book for like, hey, how to do like discovery without leading questions of like, do you like it? They're like, yeah. Just trying to be nice. So how did you do discovery in such a way where you know what people didn't give you false positives you could actually see okay yes you want this but is this something you want to pay for is this something like you genuinely really need how did you validate that part because obviously at distribution we get into the next step but I think that's important to go through we tried to talk to people that were doing ABM who happen to be like the highest value people it was mostly kind of like higher level marketing people and we're like describe what you're doing for ABM, you know, like how are you using website identity right now? Like how is that information getting to your reps, right? Like what are some things that they complain about? And then to that question, every single time it was like they all say they want to know who the person is, right? So, but but it's not like, oh, I'm building this really cool thing that identifies people. was like a bunch of questions about their existing workflow and then I knew what they were going to say, but I'd stick them with that question like what do they complain about this current process? Yeah. Which I like because it's like you kind of fell in love with the problem in a way. You're like, hey, this is a big juicy problem and it it's not like, hey, this product, do you like it? Just so happens to solve that. But yeah, if you really get a lot of those validations about this is the problem that really drives you uh crazy in a lot of ways doing EBM that that makes a ton of sense. Cool. So you got that for the validating demand. You had like 300 of those interviews. Then you got to see okay this we're on to something. Did you charge people? Did you do like okay we'll let you know when we have a product? How did that work? The first thing we did really quickly during that five months is we got a product that was us mailing somebody a spreadsheet of data. Tried to charge people $495 a month for that. No one bought it. Like may maybe a couple people were like I'd pay 99, I'd pay $1.99 like but but no one bought that. And then at some point we like pushed it into Slack with we pushed it into Slack which was cool. And then we pushed it into Slack with an actual headsh shot and a LinkedIn URL. And then like people were just like, "Whoa." Like, and then I started walking around to like parties and I'd be I I would pull out my phone and be like, "These people are on my website right now." And they were just like, "What? You can't do that." Yeah. Yeah. It was like it was it was this incredible magic moment that was real. And I had always wanted to do a premium play ever since watching Mailchimp. Our original plan was to not give integrations away for free. But Tate, to his credit, my CTO, who normally is like a very like, for lack of a better term, like a cheap bastard, like he wants to charge for everything. You know, he was like, if you really want this to go viral, I think we need to give the Slack integration for free. because that's the magic moment which is wise because that was the the big moment which double click for everyone who's thinking about freeotion is this is where I see a lot of founders actually like shoot themselves in a foot where they're like hey we'll give this away for free it'll be great but I'm like what is the thing that's going to really make people feel like yeah I get it and I really get to see the full value of the products doesn't mean give everything away for free but yeah that's special stuff you got to at least allow them to have some of it so I like that so step one We got that you validated demand and talk about like your second step like how did you create a differentiated kind of in your own words you said I'll let a little terrible V1 version of that product like you did the spreadsheets and everything else like that but like go back into the world of like how did you feel like okay it's differentiated we got like a good B1 here as soon as we got this Slack integration working smoothly and a PLG signup flow that people could make it through and like just a really basic dashboard that was like V1. And I knew it was different because we were just the first to market with this, you know. Nobody else was selling. I mean, we had a couple guys come in and say they were selling it, but like nobody knew who they were, you know? And they're still beating me up. They're like, "We've been doing this for 10 years." It's like, "Okay, like why doesn't anyone know who you are, you know?" So, we were definitely the first to market in any real way, which we're definitely not the only one in the market now, uh, which hurts, but we were. And that was like OG version. We were like kind of making you we made an integration to Clay. Like I I had this I I had like the wrong idea for how this product was supposed to work. Clay has this amazing UGC creator community. And like for the first 6 months, RB2B just like piggybacked off that spectacularly well because it was like so different and so new and Clay could do cool stuff with it. But like the problem is it got a lot of people to use RBDB and Clay for the first time and then they'd like spend all this effort like doing all of it and like sending it out through instantly or smart lead and then it just wouldn't do anything which you know a year in I realized because like there's very few businesses who can make it work like that cuz there's just like not enough volume. There's incredibly valuable information that comes from a site visit that is not related to booking a demo. It it might ultimately be but like it's not just like here are these contacts spam them indiscriminately and something good will happen which which like you know it it took learning right but for you know 6 to9 months I think we were educating the market in the totally wrong way about how to use this product because I didn't know any better and it was just sitting there for us to do. It's interesting you mentioned that like one thing you're making me think of is like you know every company has a specific approach a way of doing something where you got to kind of argue hey this is the best way to do something but just like PLG isn't necessarily for every single company like hey there's still room for enterprise sales and everything else like that too it's like what who is this best for if you think of like a peer PLG play or in your case with the inbound le outreach it's like what companies really thrive at that like if you get a lot of traffic, fantastic. Like you are going to get a ton of value out of this product because Yeah. If it's just a little generic, it's like yeah, some people will resonate, others won't. Yep. So, yeah. I mean, and then there was there was a lot of pricing heartache in the beginning. How did you like decide this is how we're going to price these are? The first thing I I love built with. I just think it's like the coolest product pricing. It was one guy to like 20 million ARR or something stupid like that. Like just it's it's incredible. So I wanted to do something like that and I was like oh B2B like they're paying him they can afford to pay that for this. So like that was my original thought and then it was like confusing for people like why should I pay $4.95 if I can pay 295 or whatever. So then we were like, "Oh, let's just do a zero or 4.95." And nobody bought it. Like it was kind of a combination between like you can kind back door the contacts through Zapier and like it was too big of a jump, you know? Like I it it was just a lot of issues. And then I think actually like posting about the pricing problems made people sort of like realize that I was probably going to change the pricing. Wait. really struggling with this. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It's like if this dude Yeah. It's like it's like I was maybe going to buy, but like this dude's definitely going to drop the price of what he's writing about this. So, so like but but it still went on for 6 weeks. And my idea was free unlimited and then 495 was with integrations and like Vector a competitor is sort of doing the same thing now. They're doing like free unlimited or something like I don't think I don't know if it's on anymore, but like then they have like they're selling something diff for website visits and they're selling something different for like a high price and trying to target the mid market or something. So, it didn't really work. And I think what did really work was when we originally went to like a $99 entry point and that sort of like it was just credit based which quite frankly I hate because you know it's there's so many issues with this product at this point which is strange to say having gotten to 5 million AR in 13 months but like one thing that I hate about I just don't know a better way I don't know how to do valuebased pricing with this product because it is it should actually be the mo it is the most valuable for people who have large deals which generally are low traffic and it's kind of like the opposite's true. If you're selling like something for 19 bucks and you got a ton of traffic you end up having to pay us a shitload and it's like not as valuable for you as it is person who gets a hundred uniques a month and is selling $10 million deals. Right. I just have this internal conflict about it. Oh yeah. I mean like there's value based metrics, usage based metrics, there's functional metrics. That's why you see with like email software like Mailchimp, it's like hey, it's per subscriber usually and it's not ideal like uh Patrick Campbell did amazing research on like the differences. If you have like valuebased metrics tied to the revenue, you know what, your turn is usually way way less and everything else. But it's like not every company can do that because you're a couple orders out from the actual deal being closed and you're not just tracking everybody's like revenue like Stripe as an example. So totally makes sense regarding the pricing. Yeah, that was step two. You like created your differentiated V1 products. And so after the spreadsheets, it was people could like route it to Slack, see everything integrations basically. And that's kind of still what it is. Okay. Yeah. Then that had like the the powerful free motion that a lot of people could sign up for that created a lot of awareness. And I think how many months did you have it like completely free and then you had the pay plan or was it always just like free and $4.95 for the first few months? Uh well it was free unlimited without integrations but the Slack integration for 6 weeks but you had to pay $4.95 to get other integrations which I thought people wanted but they didn't need because they could just parse the Slack block and do whatever they want with it which was another problem. Yeah. So then you then you limit the contacts to 150 and then they had to start paying and so our conversion rate's been like 10% or 12% ever since. Got it. Yeah. I've seen that with a lot of product companies where it's like the if the jump is too big, you just don't get many people ever jumping and then if there's not like a key thing that makes them want to jump, whether it's a usage based limit or a specific feature, then yeah, it it's hard to pull off. So you cross that bridge, change the pricing. 6 weeks later. And so step three you out outlined here is like creating massive awareness. Now you were already doing this I would argue well before we're like validating demand. You had identify like that sticky point of view and you are like if anybody who's listening to this doesn't know you on LinkedIn like go check out Adam Robinson. You've been living underneath a rock in the B2B space. You done a fantastic job. But for that part, how did you kind of create more massive awareness? We were like, we have this direction now, we have this product. How did you take things to the next level? So in this instance, the massive awareness was just me continuing to get better and better at LinkedIn and then bringing Santosh into the drama into the like I made him a character in the drama or we made him a character in the drama. Now we're trying to make Diana, my co-founder, a character in the drama because RB2V V1 is about to be completed and V2 we think we're going to sell directly to sales people and she's a salesperson. So like it's it will be amazing. The weight of her words because of what she has accomplished are is so massive, you know, like she's been the only rep on two 0 to10 millionaire journeys. I don't care what you say after that. I'm listening if I'm a salesperson, right? So yeah, that was like a lot of it initially. Then I started doing a bunch of stuff that I have since stopped, but I've stopped it because I believe that our product is so deeply flawed that I like don't want to invest in marketing until I feel better about it. But the channels that I started were cold email, which you know, it was the pirate cold email, you know, multiple domains, sending out tons of whatever. And like, you know, I I just never know like, okay, so you emailed someone who signed up. Like, did that matter? did it not matter like you know like sure take credit for it and then we started running LinkedIn ads and again it was just thought leadership posts like promoted to like certain audiences like I'm not sure that that was like any better than me just doing organic you know they love to say that it was but like it it it just wasn't I mean our our signups were a lot higher in the middle of last year but our product was also in this like amazing sort of heat and then a lot of people who signed up at At the end of the day, the promise made by describing our product was not fulfilled for a lot of businesses when they used it. It wasn't like I was lying. It was just what you interpret when you say what we do and what you extrapolate in your head versus the reality that happened for a lot of people was inconsistent. I I think like another an example of that is like AISDRs, right? like they're all getting shellacked because the the implicit promise in an AISDR versus what happens when you hire one of these companies to do that for you is like night and day. You're like, "Yeah, yeah." It's like, "Oh man, I can get rid of all these [ __ ] people. I'll never have to answer whatever again." You're like, "Wait a second. It was actually way better when I had these other people sitting around doing this." You're like, "Oh, it just prepares for the meeting." It's Yeah. Okay. Thanks. you saved me 120 seconds a day. I appreciate it. But like I thought it was, you know, we launched and I did all that stuff. It was like it was like the LinkedIn thing was the main thing and I think this other stuff was working because of the LinkedIn thing and maybe it was helping a little bit, maybe it wasn't. But like at the end of the day when I chopped it all at the end of last year, I was like, I'm spending a lot of money on this and and UGC I had Pete who's now running our community and not working on growth at RBDB because we're not doing any growth stuff at RBDB at the moment until we figure the product out. But he was like cultivating a community of these clay agency people to post regularly and they were doing it and it was great for them. So there was a time and it probably still would be the case because of like the heat coming off my profile where RB2B and Clay was like the best thing they could post about for themselves and it was getting them business and it was getting them visibility on LinkedIn and all that stuff. The way you get your top 10 is you're like, "You're my top 10 one out of every 10 weeks. I'm going to post one of your posts in my feed in Adam's feed." So they're like, "Fuck yeah." It's like, and then, you know, I'll put you in my news. What they want exposure, these these content creators. So that was how we motivated them. Clay does a bunch of creative stuff, but above all else, it's like if they can get more exposure, they will. So, your four channels were like UGC, cold email, LinkedIn organic, LinkedIn ads, and was there anything else? Yeah. And I think LinkedIn organic was was 95% of of of it. I mean, that's just my personal opinion, right? Everything else except for LinkedIn organic. Okay. And then is that all you're doing right now? Yeah. I mean, I'm not because like I don't know, maybe I'm like stupid for thinking this, but like it kind of feels like I I I feel like I've identified such horrible things about our product that until they're solved, it's just going to be really hard to grow because we're going to experience this 10-month LTV. And I think we've come up with a way that could solve them. So, like, if our hypothesis is wrong about that, then I don't know what I'm going to do. But like until then it just feels like we're burning leads, right? A lot of people aren't able to think like this, but I think the luxury of being like having like a very profitable overall company is that I can look at things with this type of clarity being like this is so wrong that like until it's not wrong like not just a profitable company thing like if you're a venturebacked you probably have the investors behind you being like 10x it. No. Well, that's that's what I that's what I mean by that. It's like who lets you take your foot off the gas of some of something like this? Like if I were venture back, they'd be like 5 million AR, like get to 15. I don't care. I don't care if this churn. Go figure out how to get more customers on it. Yeah, churn's normal. So, okay. Now with your transparency like you share pretty much everything like you share the inner workings of your team you share your strategy your pricing and you go through even like on bare metrics like all your metrics everything's public and I know you mentioned like you know Mailchimp they played it really quiet for like a long time then they you know once they're $100 million behemoth is like hey listen we're here in the market we we've done some things and then in your situation too I know there's a lot of upand cominging competitors as well. So tell me more about your thought around just being so transparent because like I truly feel like the transparency is like a I don't know cultural value for like productive founders has to be there because you're truly giving away your product letting people see it in its current state and everything. So what's your rationale behind being so transparent? Yeah. So, like number one, our product when you describe what it does, red flags go up in people's head. Maybe not anymore, but like in 2019, the first thought anyone had when I'm like, I can get an email address off someone who visits your website without them filling out a form. The first thought is, how is that legal? Right? So, like I wasn't as transparent then, but I wasn't building up my own personal profile to try to market the company. When I started doing that, I knew that I'd watched people build in public before and like I was so captivated by it that I knew it was good content and like I'd reached a point in my journey where I knew it was valuable. Like I know people want to know what why I'm doing what I'm doing and what how I'm thinking about it all, right? Because I would have wanted to know that before I started this company. I was stuck at three millionaire or a schmuck and trying to figure out like what the heck was going on, right? So that's th those are two things. Number three, I just know that like when you share money details, it goes crazy on social media. No matter whether you're talking about, you know, your personal income or your business or like your neighbor or whatever, everyone just has to know like any money stuff. They have to know it. Spreads like wildpower. And kind of back to like the first point, it's like what if if I'm inherently in an inherently untrustworthy product category, how do I build the maximum amount of trust? It's like, well, I [ __ ] share literally everything about what I'm doing, right? So, how do you not trust a guy who's just laying it all out there, right? And then the idea is like, you'll trust me and you won't even think about the product, right? So, that's that's kind of the play. The downside is I got a bunch of competitors. I think I'd have a bunch of competitors anyway, by the way. The upside is I got to 5 million AR in a year. You know what I mean? Like like it would not have happened had I not, you know, had the LinkedIn content not been as effective. And the reason, you know, for me, that's what LinkedIn wanted from me. Perhaps there was a way, you know, I'm watching some people now. Hilariously, there's this dude, you probably seen his stuff, get Swan AI. So, like he he went through my community, learned all of my [ __ ] on how to like write LinkedIn posts and stuff and build startups, then launches an aggregation of all the identity products. That's an AISDR. By the way, this isn't going to work. I'm telling you right now, but this is what he's doing, right? So, it's RB2B plus everything else plus AI to filter down contacts and do the outreach, right? So, it's RB2B plus. And then he took my content playbook and it's my content playbook exactly plus AI, right? So, like I'm the AI which is like on fire right now, right? So, I'm the AI guru. I'm starting a company with AI agents only. And then he's saying, this is the crazy part, right? Like I'm saying what I've done and I'm showing it, right? He's saying what he's going to do and it's working just as well. He's saying I'm going to build a 30 million AR company with three people. It's like, okay, you have now. Did you like when is that happening? Right. My understanding is you're at 50,000 ARR, but but it's, you know, I don't know whether he's going to be able to sustain it, but you can look at my content. So, like I I told this to another founder, this girl Mo, who's the founder of Boomerang, which is like a PLG, like a Yeah. So, like she she sent me this blog. She sent me this. I'm like, "Is this a LinkedIn post?" She like sent me this the worst thing I've ever read. And so, just for like an hour, I was like, "Okay, like it's not about what you're what you're writing, it's about how you're saying everything, right? Like, explain to her like the way to write and like why why I think my stuff works." And then I told her, I'm like, "Go through all of my posts that have a thousand likes or more. see if you can apply your fact pattern to them and just like rewrite it, you know? And so I don't even know how we got on this tangent. Well, it was about the like creating massive awareness, but then there's like some trade-offs too of like, hey, Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The double-edged sword. The double-edged sword of the transparency is that I now have competitors and I literally have a dude who went through my training and is trying to just do everything about what I'm doing plus AI and one better. What are you going to do? What are you going to do? Yep. many ways. Yeah. But but like how am I how am I reacting to it? Like the next play I'm trying to make is something where it's much harder for someone to either undercut with a similar product or just copy in general. And I'm trying to So, so like I almost think with AI helping people build features faster, the value of sharing and getting copied, it's like first of all, if someone copies you directly, I really believe that they're only going to take a few percent of your if you're like the best brand and you have the most trust and they're just copying you, like they're not going to do as well as you. And then with AI, it's almost like they're going to copy it anyway. They're going to be any, you know what I mean? They're going to be watching you anyway. So it's like the amount that you get from this build in public thing versus like you know people nipping at your heels. Yeah, there's more people nipping at your heels but like the awareness if you do it there there's so many people watching you for that right like along the journey. So what are your emotes then? Like you have like the founder brands for rb and retention.com and that's what I thought was more of a moat than it was as it gets one guy but but he's kind of doing again we'll see. So, so yeah, what are moes? What are moes for anybody these days, right? So, like I think brand is a moat for me that's founder brand for you know uh for Salesforce that means something totally different but like for me that's what it means. So you have that brand for sure that's one mode but what else do you have for RB2B? So it does become a lot harder for people to copy in future. Yeah. So I think there is a the brand plus the distribution that we can have is is challenging to replicate. I also think we can do if we can get you know my goal is to get a to fix a lot of these problems with RBDB by distributing a product to sales people that like sits on top of the inbox. Very short story. I want it to be premium. I want it to be very different than what the product is now. If we can get that to a lot lot lot of salespeople, hundreds of thousands of users or whatever, and they've all opted in to a data co-op, then our data becomes a moat. If we can get people to opt into this idea that like you volunteer your whatever in exchange for like knowing did this contact sit in a sales demo over the past seven days or not? like vertical agnostic, company agnostic. Is this person doing meetings? Right? That's like a five out of five. Is this person responding to emails at this email? That's a three out of five. We know nothing about this person. That's a one out of five, right? So like a a very widely distributed premium product could could give people incentive to opt their data into like getting something back like that, right? which like the combination of all of that is not something that like somebody can pop out a Y combinator and just be like no it's always yeah we we'll we'll code that we'll we'll code that right like yeah yeah yeah but they could code it the product but the distribution the data it's like you can't get that so you might get like one uh leg of the stool but that's why you got like three moes so yeah yeah and and that that is that is that's my only hope basically it's You know, if I can pull that off and continue to fuel the fire through this brand and then get Diana to be like a similarly sized brand but just like to a different audience and like all of that is like accelerating everything else, then I think we'll be in a pretty good spot. If not, I think we'll be in a pretty rough spot. the rough meaning similar to this like maybe we'll add another like I I I don't know how much farther we can get with this business as it is today. I don't think we go much farther than we are right now cuz it turns so bad with this next version of ourselves. If it has no interesting network effects then maybe it's another 5 millionaire or something like that. But if it's a lot stickier even if it doesn't have network effects then maybe it's 10 or 15. I don't know. The good news for me is if I can get RB2B to 20 million ARR, like I'm doing great, you know, like I'm not going to have a lot of people working on it with the way that I with the way that I do stuff. So, okay. And so, you got to 5 million with five employees. And one of the things here is you put here is wait an unreasonably long time to hire anybody. So can you just maybe share about like who those five people are, what do they do and why you are so focused on like hey let's just keep waiting to hire people. Yeah. So I want to tell you about both companies. Interestingly with retention.com which was called get emails we launched with six people and we had the same six people at 13 million ARR which is very interesting right? So like I was kind of like doing the marketing and then I was like working on product with this girl an who is also doing answering customer support tickets. So that's two people. That's a good match. Yeah. Yeah. Tate was building everything who we both talked to very fluidly. So that that was kind of like a pod like a product marketing support pod. Then Diana was doing sales. She had a sales assistant that would sit on every call with her and do all the follow-up work. And then she had an onboarding guy and that was it. Six. Six at zero customers, six at 13 million. That's fantastic. Yeah. So like Diana is like I think everybody should operate that way because it forces you to focus. Like you can't do extraneous things, right? I think, you know, when you start talking to people who have big teams, maybe a little bit bigger than they would like, it's like they got these people sitting around and they're like trying to come up with like what their goal should be to like move the business forward or like whatever. Like there's none of that when you have that small of a team for that long. It's like how do we process the throughput of this thing with with this amount of bodies, you know? Definitely. And I'm sure some people are thinking like what do you look for in those specific kinds of hires? Because like the natural tendency honestly in a lot of companies is like hey listen things are good or like I'm close to burnout. Let's just hire more people and like that's like the in your toolkit. It's like the hammer. You're like more people more people and then you get like bigger and bigger every single million you add on and it's like okay then you look back you're like wow we got a huge organization. Yeah. I mean, six people for their team AR is unheard of. I just have never heard of that. Maybe some of these AI stories are kind of like that now, but like that's crazy. I think most people have 50 at least by then, maybe 100. We literally just declared it. We're like, we're not going to hire anyone until we're above 10. You know, it's like we're getting to 10 million AR with this team. I think if you can like have some barriers for yourself like that or some like guiding, it's like I don't care how much it hurts. if we think we need someone for something before then, we're just not gonna we're not going to do it. And it just requires everybody to wear a ton of different hats, you know, like Tate is an incredibly talented engineer and systems admin and sort of technical product person and, you know, and communicator with us. He's amazing. And like, you know, I would go through these things where I be like, "We need a new website." like, okay, so like the next 3 days I'm just going to like rewrite all of the copy with this totally new story, but it would only take maybe take one day, right? Like, but that's like how you have to do it. Still faster than going through like five team members and then oh, let's get a lines. Totally. But like the idea that you could, you know, I think the dream for a lot of entrepreneurs is like I'm the owner and not the operator. And like I got these operators and they're doing their operator thing and like I'm just like letting them do it and like you know putting my nose in when when something goes wrong. That is not realistic for for the type of team that I'm describing. Like you will be doing a lot which I love by the way. I like love having my hands dirty and you know doing all this stuff figuring you know nothing more satisfying than like figuring out like the whole sausage machine. Totally. And I used to think it like would impact like exit multiples as well too but then I recently saw Esben from user flow. They had three people 5 mill exited for 60 million. I was like oh okay I guess 6. Yeah 60. And so I was like oh that's fantastic and you could definitely do that now. Except a lot more than three people. That's just how you reduce that redundancy as they scale up. But cool. So we got one last piece that we can jam on here, which is eliminating sales and onboarding friction. So this is like one of your top kind of steps you go through as far as that journey from one to five. What does that look like? What are you typically eliminating? Like all sales, no sales calls. What does that look like? So we really just tried to make it in in RB2B it was literally just like it's free you know for for however long it was first 30 days and first it was forever then it was 30 days and it was 7 days it's like without a credit card without paying us you can experience the full value of the product for a certain period of time that's pretty zero friction and then if people need questions answered they get on calls we're trying to figure out we still are not sure how sales fits into this but we think that it can. And then with Get Emails, it was just like, "How do we make this an absolute no-brainer for people to try?" So, we had 25 emails for free. So, they like put the pics on and be like, "Wow." But then we'd like lock the account and make them, if it was high traffic, like make them get on a sales call with Diana, which was literally 5 minutes. It answered all of the questions that every single customer had because they were so they were all the same questions. and then she'd put them on a 60-day paid trial with like a smaller volume than they needed and then people would either cancel or upgrade. So like that's pretty pretty low friction and she could do 15 of those calls in a day or whatever. Okay, awesome. So to kind of like recap here all the main points we have the first thing is validate demands before building anything. Absolutely agree you got that part. Second is like create the differentiated product something that really stands on its own. people really do want. Third is creating massive awareness in your case through humanity, through the founder brand. And that is something that's honestly very hard to copy. There's trade-offs like we talked about, but I think there's definitely something there. And then I just think it's something you need to be like working to, you know, it's like you got to if you can figure that part out, it's going to be epic. But it won't do anything if you don't have word of mouth and a differentiated product. you create all the awareness in the world, it's not going to help you. You'll just be the creator that's creating content, but there's not a whole lot of like them building a business on the back of this. So, yeah, I agree on that. And then next step was wait an unreasonably long time to hire anybody and then eliminate sales and onboarding friction. So, is there anything else you change as we wrap up? like this whole journey 30 months it's like super fast and I like how you went through just like the background of like you know what it's not just those 13 months is all this background banging your head against the wall trying to figure out this stuff but if you're going to do this whole journey again anything you change you know the journey is what has gotten me to arrive where I am today I don't I don't think so I'm just very curious about to see where this is in like 24 months you Were we able to pull off these network effects in this like in inbox experience? Did people like it? You know, well, I'm rooting for you. I definitely feel like with those three modes, like the free modes, the data mode, and then also your founder mode, that is going to be something that would be very hard for people to copy with, which that just puts you in such a good position to like utilize that data, get, you know, more people coming to the sites and just the accuracy goes up and everything else. So, I'm excited for that. And where can people obviously LinkedIn everybody check Adam Robinson out? LinkedIn, but uh besides rbbet retention.com, any other places they should find out what you're up to? Uh yeah, it's it's pretty much just LinkedIn. I got a YouTube channel. It's called Retention Adam. I'm trying I'm trying to like build that. We do a weekly live show, which you were on Tuesdays at 2 p.m. and the replays are on YouTube. But yeah, email me at adamretention.com. I'll respond. Cool. Awesome. Well, thanks so much for coming on, Adam. This was fun. Thanks, Wes. And to wrap things up, thank you everybody for listening to this version of the product podcast. Make sure to rate review this on wherever you listen to podcasts, whether it's Apple, Google, you name it, Spotify. I'm going to read every single one of those views and that's how I know how to improve this. Also, if you want to stay in contact with me and learn what is going on in the world of PLG and every single week get the best actionable deep dives on productled growth. Make sure to head on over to productled.com/newsletter. I am personally writing each of these deep dives every single week and you're going to get a ton out of it. So, make sure to head on over there to product.com/newsllet.
