# Inbound Is Changing — Here's What You Do Instead | Emily Kramer (MKT1)

**YouTube:** [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lT6n_Nt2RLg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lT6n_Nt2RLg)
**Expert:** Emily Kramer
**Segments:** 2173

---

## Transcript

You have only two options if you need to create an effective marketing strategy for your startup. Option one, close this video, go ask your questions to Chat GPT and cross your fingers that it doesn't give you generic surface level advice. Option two, learn from someone who has actually done it hundreds of times at real startups and with real results. Meet Amy Kramer, one of the sharpest minds in startup marketing. Amy was the first marketer at Asana, scaling their marketing team from just herself to 25 people. And then she did it again at Carta as the company grew from 300 to 850 people. Both companies hit unicorn status not long after Emily left. Right now, she's running MKT1, her own marketing advisory firm, helping hundreds of startups with their marketing and even investing in some of them. What you're about to learn is Emily's playbook for startup marketing. from what to look for in your first hires to some of her most effective marketing frameworks. If you're a founder, a first marketer, or just trying to make marketing work at your company, you've come to the right place. But enough with the intro. Let's roll the episode. >> HRV's podcast. >> So, Emily, uh, thanks a lot for joining the podcast. uh with all your experience uh advising to startups, investing into startups and being kind of the early marketer in some pretty big companies and building marketing functions. >> I feel this podcast would be kind of startup marketing 101. I want to dig into how you do it. >> But the first question I want to ask you is of course about AI because this is what everyone just cares about and uh startup advising, startup consulting. Mhm. >> Why won't just startup founders, CEOs go to chat GPT and ask it like how do I do marketing for my startup? Like what is Emily offers that Chad GPT does not? >> Well, remains to be seen if chat GPT can can replace me. I'd love to see it, you know. Um I think the answer to that for me is I do a number of things. I advise, I invest. I used to invest more. I used to have a fund and now I just angel invest when I feel like it. Um, but I also write a newsletter and have my own podcast. And so I've really thought about my sort of def defense against AI is twofold. One, it's like diversifying the things that I do. And so I do a number of things. And two, I think there's always room for like synthesizing thoughts in new ways, in ways that like only humans kind of can hopefully that's not like derivative or crowdsource, which is kind of by definition what AI is. So, I think having unique opinions and strong points of view and being able to defend them well and have that be based on years and years of experience, as is the case with me, um can't really be replicated. Now, am I like afraid that some of my like I'm not blind to what's going on. I'm not I know that some things will change. I mean, I write a newsletter. It's not um it's indepth newsletters on my opinions, like consolidating trends, looking at patterns I'm seeing, all of that stuff. and some of that might go away and so maybe then there's more of a need for the podcast or maybe I do the podcast live so it's like live authentic conversation which I think people are really craving but I guess the other part of this answer is the more that people use AI I think the more they will crave authenticity and like human interaction and so long before there was AI people have always said that I was a brutally honest very authentic person like those are some of the first things you'd say about me probably to a fault but I think in the end that's going to save me from being replaced by AI. Um cuz I'm just like going to be an authentic real human interaction. I don't know. You didn't give me a time to prepare to be. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. I got that vibe. I don't know why, but uh that's what I have. I guess, you know, my dad's my dad's family's kind of like that. But, uh, yeah, I um I didn't prep for that answer, so I don't know if it's terrible, but yeah, I mean, you got to be prepared for change, but you also have to, I think, not be afraid of it and embrace it as well and see it as an opportunity to do things differently or to a lot of the things I always wanted to be able to do as a marketer, as not an engineer. Um, I can do now, right? And that's so cool. And so, how can I make more tools and resources that I wouldn't have been able to make myself before for marketers? how can I use that in my advising? Like there's lots of new opportunities too. So I mean I Yeah, go ahead. >> So So when I was thinking of uh asking you that question and I of course kind of projected it on myself and how how would I answer this and I know a couple friends uh not friends but more like people people I know who are actually building kind of AI fractional CMO or something. So they would kind of train the model or like train their AI assistant on I don't know content like you produce on your newsletter on some other people uh content and then you would kind of ask it questions uh and it would give you like advice and ideas but then I thought when you come in whether as an advisor or whether you go in-house as a marketing leader >> it's not necessarily your job to answer questions as much as it to actually ask those questions, >> right? Ask the right questions. Yeah. It's almost like getting them to know. >> CEO doesn't necessarily want Yeah. CEO doesn't necessarily want to to use you kind of like Chad GPT. Hey Emily, how to do this? Hey Emily, how to do that? They want you just come in and like >> do this stuff like and ask them questions. What do you think? So yeah, what are your thoughts? >> Yeah. And I think I think I was answering like a little more holistically about all the things that I do. But specifically on the advising stuff, I think a lot of what I tend to do is I usually come in at an inflection point. I I've advised startups everywhere from like seed all the way to like very late stage. Um always B2B startups, but I in all of those situations, it's usually at an inflection point. You're trying to hire a new head of marketing, you don't have one. I kind of come in and help as an on an intern basis. You have someone in that seat. They haven't done it before. they need someone who has like all these different inflection points. And a lot of what I'm doing is helping them both like set the strategy and also get like the operating cadence going. So it's less like um it's less like what again what's the answer? And sometimes people ask me questions that you could easily like use chatbt for or I bring up things that they didn't think to ask chatbt. But I think also like I'm doing things that are a lot around like yeah, how do you get the right mix of doing like high impact work and foundational work and like the day-to-day work that you do in marketing? Like how do you get the right mix of this? Where am I seeing patterns where you're like falling into traps that other companies fall into? And I just think a lot of that like comes from the interactions that you have and the observations that you have. And I think it would be hard to replicate that. Like I mean again, who knows how good this is going to get, but for now I don't think it's replicable. At least the things I do. I think certainly on some of the more specialized consulting, you know, obviously like some of the content marketing consulting and stuff like that is being is being quickly replaced. But um we'll see. I got I got backup plans though. Now >> the word the word that comes in my head and I'm not sure if it's the right one because I'm not a native speaker to start with is agency. So AI doesn't have kind of agency. It cannot like push something on you. It's like very agreeable. >> Yeah, that's kind of what I mean about being direct and like kind of authentic and real and also like getting the operating cadence going. It's like motivating and getting it moving and getting the right things happening and the right mix of things and um I don't know there's a lot of nuance there but again >> let let's talk about all that nuance let's talk about all the nuance so >> um walk me through kind of your I don't know first days or first weeks when coming in uh advising to uh a new startup a new company what are the first things you are looking for what are the first questions you're trying to understand about the startup, about the founder, about the team, like what what information do you need to collect to start kind of creating strategy and making decisions? >> Yeah, I think it's even before even before I start and decide if I'm going to work with the company, I'm I'm in a fortunate position now where I get to be somewhat picky in in who I work with. And so part of it is do I think they are in a position to take advice and like recognize that they that they don't know what they don't know and feel like they actually like want to move on move forward on what they're doing on the marketing side. And so that looks like and are like willing to kind of like rethink how they do some things, right? So some people just aren't like really willing to do that. like they think they want help, but actually they just want to check the box on I have a marketing adviser. And I'm not interested in doing that. I'm interested in like actually, you know, helping grow businesses. That's what's or helping develop careers or whatever it might be. And so for me, that's that's like I have to feel like they are going to use me in an effective way. Um, and I get really kind of burnt out on advising or working with a company if I start to feel that change. and I'll like bring it up like I don't think I'm being as effective here as I could because of X Y and Z. And so that's like before I even start when I do start and I guess in that early conversation what I'm trying to figure out is what are the big challenges like what are the big challenges they're facing and they usually start or they usually fall into like the same set of buckets. Um one thing is I try to figure out if they have more of a fuel or an engine problem which I will explain. Um I use this analogy when I talk to founders. um a lot or non-marketers or uh I've worked with a few people who are like interimm heads of marketing who are like heads of product or heads of sales or from bisops and so I use this analogy a lot of fuel and engine and fuel is all the things you create your messaging your creative your content makes sense the fuel uh your engine is all the channels you use to distribute that fuel um and so that makes sense too it's the distribution so you need both in marketing you need fuel and you need engine um you also need a foundation foundation and the foundation is kind of like who are your ICPs and what's the market you're operating in and what's your positioning and so it's kind of like more the product marketing stuff. So there's a foundation, there's fuel and there's engine. And a lot of times people have are way like lopsided. They have way too much fuel and not enough engine. They're producing a bunch of stuff but they're not repurposing it. They're not distributing it. It's not going out. Or they're sending a whole bunch of outbound email but they're not seeing anything of value in it and it's not even to the right person. So startups need the right fuel and the right engine for the right audience in their market, right? So fuel engine and foundation need to come together. You don't just need all three of them, but you need them in to match and go with each other. I say like you're not going to bring a Tesla to like a regular gas station and like fuel up. Like that's the wrong fuel for the the wrong engine. So it's got to match. And so I start by trying to understand like where are the biggest challenges? Um often times uh founders especially they misdiagnose the problem. They think they have an engine problem, but they have a fuel problem. They're like, "We're doing um you know, channels we're using, they're just not working. We should do more channels." It's like, "What are you putting into those channels? Your fuel sucks." Um so, I think that's a big thing I try to diagnose cuz it often there's there's conversation around who they should be hiring. Do they have the right people? Where are their gaps? So, I'm just trying to get a lay of the land for what activities they're doing and what are the problems there. Another thing I try to figure out pretty early on is where I think they have marketing advantages or where I think they can really be differentiated in how they're doing marketing. So marketing advantages are things like you have a network effect, you have like an extraordinary amount of customer love. Um you have proprietary data that nobody else has that you can be sharing. There's I have like 12 of them, but there could be more. Who knows? I used to have nine, so they're growing, but I have a list. And so I'm looking for these things because I think companies try to just copy other companies playbooks, but I'm looking to say where can you really stand out and where should you double down based on your business at this point in time in this market for this audience. So I'm trying to understand what are those advantages so that we can advantages so that we can accelerate them and use those to select channels like and use those to figure out what the next move is. So trying to understand the lay of the land, trying to understand what are their advantages and then put together like what is the delta between what they're doing and what they should be doing and what is the delta in the like humans they have working with them and the humans they need whether full-time or contractors or agencies. And so I would say that's usually how I get how I get started. >> In other words, to recap this, there's a lot that goes into it. This is how I can recap. this for like I've been doing this for like 5 years. It's not really that much. It's like what's their willingness to work with an adviser and actually like implement change and what's their agency to use that word. Uh and then two, it's just like where's their biggest problem? Is it fuel? Is it engine? Is it something else? And then what what ingredients do they have to work with that are going to help them win on the marketing side? Um >> and then you said who is going to do it? >> And yeah, who the hell is going to do it? Do you have the right people? And so, you know, yeah, maybe it's a lot. >> So, yeah, how is AI going to connect all those dots? That's that's my qu or like AI in the way that it works today. >> Yeah. I think for me like at first I'm going to like as it might sound like I'm going to very first principles things. I'm not saying even like do you have a product marketing problem or a content problem like I'm using very basic terms. I'm just trying to like sort that out and then I really go into uh I really go into I guess how exactly are you operating and where could you be more efficient? Also, where could you be putting more impact and actually going slower and doing more and actually being less efficient and doubling down and going bigger? Because I think a lot of startups tend to not do the big um they get or they get stuck in ruts. So, I think that's after where I'm really looking at how they're operating and I'm saying, well, how are you using AI and tooling? And usually that starts with like understanding their tech stack and understanding what they're doing. And I would say I am still surprised, but I shouldn't be because it happens every time that even really amazing companies that from the outside seems to be doing amazing and amazing amazing marketing in our later stage do not have the tech stack that tech stack that I would imagine them having in 2025. Um, as someone who looks at tech all the time and is an investor, I'm like, what? Why are you still using these tools? >> Sorry for interrupting the interview, but I have a very quick announcement to make. This October, we're bringing HF's Evolve, our 2-day marketing conference to sunny San Diego. And Amy Lee Kramer is actually one of our speakers at this event. So, if you're enjoying our conversation so far, consider getting a ticket to HF's Evolve in San Diego, where you'll get a chance to meet Amy and maybe even ask her a bunch of your own questions. Go to our website at hrefsevolve.com to see more details about the event and get your ticket. Again, it's hrefs evolve.com this October in San Diego. Now, back to the episode. Uh let me say one thing. I really love the uh the marketing advantages thing that you just shared. You said you had nine of them. Now it's 12. At this moment, I want to address our listeners and I want to tell them go and like click like on this episode or leave a comment and I will ask Emily to share those 12 marketing advantages. >> I have like a whole >> I know that a lot of the stuff that you share in your newsletter is gated for paid subscribers. But uh if we get enough likes, I will >> That's a misstatement, Tim. It's not mostly gated. All of I have tons of frameworks and tons of diagrams that are free. The only things that are gated are like the templates and resources that you would actually um use to implement it, but a lot of the diagrams and frameworks are all there. I would say there's a lot of stuff for free, but you know, you got to make money. I spent a lot of time on these newsletters. So, >> please don't ruin my engagement CTA. Don't ruin my engagement CTA. I'm trying to offer people a bribe to to click a like. >> You should also you should Yeah. like and then he'll share it and then you'll have to pay, you know, to subscribe and get all your friends to too and then you can see all the good stuff. There you go. >> Yeah. Another thing I wanted to kind of dive uh a little deeper is uh on messaging and positioning thing that you mentioned that that you help uh early stage founders and startups and even at different stages to figure it out because I remember talking to my friend Dave Fararm. his VP of marketing at owner and he used it he used to be like a fractional CMO for a period of like a year or two years or something and I talked to him like what what do you typically do as a fractional CMO and he said team you won't believe how many of those founders and startups don't get their fundamentals right which is what you mentioned like the the marketing fundamentals messaging positioning so I wonder like how do you like how do you go about defining messaging and positioning like should it belong to marketing or should it belong to the kind of CEO and founder of the company who who says like who we are and what we do >> I think early on it's very it it needs to be very founder driven early on I think founders are the product marketers I mean you can hire a product marketer as well but they're the product marketers and what do I mean I think product marketing is kind of mis misnamed um in my opinion because the product marketer needs to understand the product the audience audience and the market super well. You don't just need to understand the product super well. It's all three of those things. And you're kind of the keeper of that research and of that knowledge. And so early on, like that's the founder. Like they need to know those things super well. And then I think as you scale um they'll still know it super well, but there's just more people to help you kind of uh tell that story and and talk about your your product market and audience. But I think early on you have to know those things. And positioning is basically just that. um it's understanding all of those things and then figuring out how you describe your product compared to everything else that's available to that audience in that market. And so um I think that uh I mean there's lots of things people get wrong here. I won't go into all of them right right now. >> I think this is connected to the marketing advantages that you were talking. It's almost like marketing advantages are the foundation for your positioning, right? I like to kind of do it's it it depends like the I think of the foundation for your your marketing advantages are just areas where you have kind of the where you have an unfair advantage on on distribution. So I kind of think of as positioning as more as like the foundation for your for your story and how you talk about your product and who you talk to. And I kind of think about um marketing advantages is like more foundational to like your entire go to market strategy. Does that make sense the difference? Cuz >> I think I was thinking >> I was thinking of a little bit of different thing and I will give you an example from HFS when I just joined HFS and I was trying to figure out like what like what the company is what what our customers value about value about us. Uh I met a guy here in Singapore at a conference who was our customer and he said you guys have the best data like it's crazy like the quality and quantity of your data. >> And I was like >> hm this like if people already recognize us for this for this it's like uh it's an objective fact I can start using it more in marketing. So it's it's like what I thought of like marketing advantage is there is a part of our and it's kind of it's part of positioning. So what's the positioning of our product? We have the best data. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's in that situation, it's both because you can actually use that data. The reason that having great data is a marketing advantage is because you can use that data behind the scenes to better reach your customers or you can use that data to create content that nobody else can. And in your case are also a feature of your product. So it's both, right? Like there's a ven diagram here. So that's why it's like depending on the advantage, it can be part of your positioning or might not be, right? So I think it's it just depends on on what it is. Um so yeah, so that's kind of how it overlaps, but I think of positioning pretty simply. Like I think there's tons of frameworks out there and April Dunford is obviously the most known for her framework and mine isn't that much different. But I just say um figure out what type of product you are. Let me explain like are you trying to be 10 times better than something already exists or five times or three times or just multiple a multiplier better than what exists? a replacement. Um, are you replacing a whole bunch of manual processes or a whole bunch of like disconnected tools? Are you a new kind of thing? So, the first one is like, are you I'll go I'll date myself. It's like going from like a cassette tape to a CD, right? And then one could argue that well, I I'll go off the music thing because it doesn't it doesn't work quite as well anymore, but tape to CD is the first one. The other one is like you're replacing parts of a bunch of of tools that that already exist or a bunch of manual processes. And so you see that in a lot of dated industries like this is done on pen and paper plus some email plus maybe this really like you know really dated piece of software from forever ago. That's uh yeah that's like a new way of doing things I I describe it as. And then you can also be kind of like a uh build verse buy is another product type like is this something that people are building in house and instead you can productize it for them. Usually that's like developer tools but sometimes it's not. There's other things that people are building in house on the internal tooling side. And then the yeah one one more just on this. So like you figure out the other thing is that you're a vertical solution. And so you're a much better solution because you're you're verticalized versus horizontal and you're built for a specific niche. You're niche down. And so once you figure out which one of those you are, the positioning really follows and you can figure out what you're comparing yourself to. And when you figure out what you're comparing yourself to, you can tell a better story. >> Let's switch gears from positioning back to your uh engine and fuel framework. Uh I I I discovered it quite a while ago. I think it's at least like 5 years old or something. I remember reading about it quite a while ago. >> When Yeah. When did I first say this is that or just in general? Yeah. Oh yeah. I four or five years ago. Like it's one of my first like frameworks was this fuel and engine thing cuz I was talking to so many founders as you like frameworks. We call them crra now. It started as a joke and I was like I'm insufferable and then everyone thought it was funny. So I was like okay I'll just be that insufferable and call them crrameworks. Um I think it's funny whatever. I I love making diagrams so it works right. But yeah, it was one of my first frameworks because I was right after I stopped being in house as a marketer. I was talking to so many founders and it was so eye opening because I'd worked at four startups and I always kind of knew there was a gap in marketing understanding but I don't think I realized quite how big the gap was. When founders are talking to you as an adviser or an external person, I think they're they're more more likely to kind of say I have no idea what you're talking about than they are to their in-house marketer. And so I realized that like this analogy was needed because nobody else in the company has any idea what the difference between product marketing, content marketing, growth marketing, demand genen is, let alone the average marketer can't tell you what all those things are. And so I realized that we had to like simplify it to be able to communicate with with founders better. >> So let let's let's break it down. So you said there are different kinds of fuel, there are different kinds of uh engines. I almost want to kind of start a little debate with you because in a way the fuel itself can be an engine. Uh I know SEO is an example of that. You publish an article that's optimized for keyword and it distributes itself. So yeah like uh tell me more about the framework. Yeah, >> the the framework is just simple like you need to have things that are adding value or things that are >> examples. Let's try to go with examples. It's it's much easier to understand. >> I'm going to go with examples. So, example of this is the point of view you have or like in a an article like a a thought leadership piece with a clear point of view. That's fuel. Um an article an SEO artic SEO focused article. It's all the words. It's the the way you organize it. That's the fuel. The engine part of that is that you're going to get crawled by search engines and picked up and rank for that and that's the engine. So, that's an example where there's fuel and engine. And so the best things in marketing combine fuel and engine. Well, why does Substack work better for thought leadership content work better than a blog? Well, there's built-in distribution and a flywheel through Substack recommendations. So, I have the fuel, all the things I write in my newsletter and all those diagrams. And then I have the engine, which is the email list that it goes out to. So, when you combine fuel and engine, you go further is basically the point. And so other examples like the engine is the outbound email and the fuel is the the words you put in it and a lot of fuel is really bad that you put in those outbound emails. It's really crappy fuel. And so uh you know the better the fuel and the better the thing you can say and the more relevant or the more value ad the better. And so, um, that's often an example where I feel like people spend so long on the the engine and like perfecting who they're going to send all these outbound emails to and then they spend so little time or they just run it through AI and make it be very generic and they don't focus on the fuel. And so those are those are some examples, but there are definitely things that are both fuel and engine like an event. Is it fuel or is it engine? Well, it's both. There's like the content, the things you're talking about at the event. um depending on the type of event or the you know the programming you have at the event kind of the fuel and the fact that people are there that's the engine the humans that are there are the engine and so there's things that don't fit perfectly into fuel and engine but the idea is you need both and you need to put them together in the right ways >> yeah in in Href's own marketing kind of uh going back to first principles thinking and how do you boil down kind of complex I know strategies or ideas to to very simple things I like to think of kind of fuel and engine as ideas and distribution. Uh like I I even posted on LinkedIn. I hate the word content because it's meaningless. Let's create content. What what does it mean? Let's create content. What about why? Like what for? Do we have an do we have a message about our product? Do we have a unique use case that we want to tell to customers? Do we have a unique idea about our industry? Did we do a piece of research? Did we do an industry survey? Did we do an experiment like not content like what like what content is a is like is a format like uh idea what's in there like what is the message what is the idea what what do you want to tell to people and then yeah distribution because often times when uh in our marketing department someone brings up oh let's do like I don't know a case study or let's do like a testimonial or let's do a landing page my question is always how are people going to discover it how how would they know it exists And yeah, it seems like this is an engine question. Will we send an email about it? Uh will it rank in SEO? Will we run ads to it? Uh will it perform well on socials? Like if we post it on our LinkedIn account, is this something that would kind of naturally be picked up because of how good it is? Or is this something we would have to run ads for because we'll have to kind of impose it on people. So it seems like it's it's we were talking about the same thing, but you call it fuel and engine. I'm calling them ideas and distribution. >> Yeah. Yeah. The point the point is the same though. The the thing is is like if you make the fuel or you're going to make fuel and you don't know what the engine is and you don't know how it's going to get the people like probably don't make the fuel. Um or if you have an idea and there's no way of getting it to anyone, like maybe you got to move on to your next idea. However you want to frame it. But I think the point is is that you have to add value and you have to have have a way to get to your audience. And people just don't combine those two things in the right ways a lot. Um and then again they think they have the wrong problem. So they think the solution is more fuel and like the answer is often like more distribution, more engine. So often people have it backwards what the problem is. >> Le let's talk about fuel which is essentially typically takes the form of content or like I said ideas. U you you said something interesting which I don't necessarily agree with. >> Okay, cool. Hit me. >> Spoiler alert. Uh you said there's like a 30% juice rule. So for startups, content about your product should only comprise 30. >> Okay. So anyway, let me let me just uh say it out loud. You said that content about your product should only comprise 30% of your overall content. I imagine you no longer agree with this. >> Uh I don't know that I no longer agree. I think I always meant it as you have to figure out what the right percent juice is of your juice is, but uh it's probably not 100. Um I think and I think it depends on the the stage of your company. I think very early on if you think about story there's the idea here of the the juice part is your story has lots of parts. It's your story is really like all the things you can say to your audience and your product is just one piece of it. And I think a lot of people spend so long just doing product marketing and they don't think of all the other things that their audience cares about and other ways to reach them. And so they get stuck in product talking about their product only or things very close to their product. And for some companies that's a very limited set of things and it doesn't work at the top of the funnel. And so you've got to talk about other things too. And I think as companies scale at the beginning there's it's it's a lot of juice, right? And as you scale and have more things to talk about and understand your audience more, you start to have juice being your product. You start to talk less and less about the juice. And this framework actually came from someone who said to me uh that they like literally used to work at like a juice company as a marketer in it was in Europe so I don't remember the juice brand but it would like you know they worked at a corporate for a corporate juice brand and there was literally a rule that was like only talk about the juice 10% of the time and so I just thought it was so funny. So the the juice was the product. So only talk about the juice so much of the time. But the point is is like whatever percent juice it is. And again like some companies like Airbnb now famously like they don't talk about the juice very much at all. Like they talk about brand a lot. So as you grow and scale I think you get away you talk more about your overall story and your brand story. And occasionally you might have times where you talk a lot about the product but it's it's less juice. So I think it depends on the company. But I think it is important to recognize that you can't just talk about the product. you're limiting yourself when you do. Do you agree with that? >> We look at this uh somewhat differently. Uh so uh early on I discovered that uh when you create content you should mention your product because otherwise kind of the ROI of this content is like very very hard to prove all those like thought leadership even back links or even traffic or like awareness blah blah blah when you talk about your product in your content you're literally promoting your product. So, so we developed kind of a framework or like a score called business potential where we grade like what is the likelihood that a person would be interested to sign up for a product after reading this article where three means that they're reading about a problem and there's no way to solve this problem without the product. For us, it was anything about uh like uh uh finding who links to your competitor. So we started as a uh backlink research tool and there's no way to tell who's linking to your competitors if you're not using HF. So for us it's business potential uh three. If we're talking about link research uh link analysis HFS is like there's irreplaceable solution is what I called it. Then if your product can be mentioned but not essential for example from from sports like if you if you're writing an article about losing weight there are tons of ways and you can like say like buy yourself a kettle bell work out with a kettle bell and you'll be losing weight. What is the likelihood of person buying it? Well, very slim, but you still can mention it. And then you can like write total thought leadership content where you cannot even mention your product, but it works kind of on your brand, on your perception in the industry as someone who knows his stuff. So for us, we we like we flipped it and it's almost like 30% of content should be kind of thought leadership where there's no way to uh mention our product, but we can talk about like what's happening in the broader industry. We're still talking about the topics that people are interested in, but 70% of content should mention our product in one way or another. In some ways, it would be a heavy pitch because we know our product is like high related to to to solving the problem. In other ways, it's kind of it's helpful like a kettle bell for losing weight. We can mention it. We can try to persuade people, but the chance that a person will buy a kettle bell from reading an article about how to lose weight is very low. >> Yeah. I think that there always needs to be a logical call back like someone reads this and it makes them more aware of the problem or more aware of the solution. And I think part of like the percent juice depends on what do people already know about this in general. How much education is needed here? Like I think of some companies that I work with where um there's tons of education. Like this goes back to the pro to the positioning thing where it's like if you are a brand new way of doing things, there's a ton of education. So it's not necessarily directly about your product when you're talking about the problem you solve and that there is a solution to solve it. I would still consider that not the juice where the juice is like very specific product marketing. And so again, like different percentages for different companies and I don't think there's any hard and fast rules that I can give to companies like this is the exact right percentage for every company, but the concept holds that there's more that your audience cares about. And if you just stay very focused on just product features, you're potentially missing out on some massive content opportunities and just like affinity and engagement with your audience. And so over time, you've got to expand out a little bit. Can you draw uh a line between content marketing and product marketing? >> Um like in >> in terms of content uh like creating content uh like as product marketer and creating content as content marketer >> meaning can I can I can I draw a line? >> Okay, I'll give you mine and and then you we'll see if you agree or disagree with me. So uh for us when we started our product marketing department I had to define because we had like content marketing and we started product marketing and they also needed to create content and they needed to to like assign so this content goes here this content goes here and what I realized is that for people who are interested in the problem like how to get more traffic to my website how to uh optimize my website how to rank high in in search this is content marketing. Product marketing is when people are interested in your product. So, anything HFS, how to do this with HFS, how to do that with HFS. And while with content marketing, a lot of the time it can be uh inbound driven. So, people search for things and discover you, product marketing, yeah, there is some like branded search volume where people are trying to understand things about HFS. There are many search queries that people search for with the word HFS. But a lot of the time it would be uh what's called like permission marketing and interruption marketing. So we would need to advertise this. We would need to like send emails, we would need to uh run ads to those landing pages, we would need to promote them in Google etc. So content about the product like any webinar like how to use HFS for this, how to use HFS for that. It's product marketing. Anything like how to get more traffic to a website, but we would definitely mention HFS. It's content marketing. So, can you poke holes in this thinking? >> The holes I'm going to poke is that there there's there's two things. I think you're more right than wrong. >> I think that that's a good start. >> That's a good start. I think the biggest mistake that I've seen product marketers themselves make is like, I don't create content. I'm a product marketer. And I'm like, what? That's like half your job. Like, I've had a lot of product marketers, they're like, oh no, I don't write. And I'm like, you don't write? Like, you got to be able to write as a product marketer. You actually need to be able to write short form copy. You need to be able to write long form copy. But I think at large I know you're looking at me like I'm crazy, but this happens all the time. Uh, I think I think at large companies, if you've been a product marketer, I'd say like a public tech company, you're a lot of the work you're doing is like very researchheavy. And maybe the only types of content you're creating is actually sales enablement content or like some stuff for launches, like for product launches, but they're not making content. And especially at like early and growth stage startups actually all the way through the startup journey uh as a product marketer like you got you're a huge part of the content creation process. I would say that where so that's first. So that's why like I don't really care where the line is as long as it is very very clear that product marketers have to create stuff that is released into the world not just internal documents because a lot of people think they can just create inter like a lot of product marketers especially coming from big companies going to startups are like wait I'm producing stuff I mean I I see this I have like an I can't give the example cuz it's mean but there's literally a company I work with right now that has this problem um and so uh where I poke a a little bit of some holes is I think it depends on how your content team is structured. Like in some situations, I actually think it doesn't matter where the writing originates and the writing and the content creation can be created by anyone on the marketing team, but the content team is really like the ultimate editor. So even if the product marketer is making something, the content team might be editing it. And that just depends on your editing process. So that's where the the lines become a little more blurry, but I like the general lines if it requires really deep product knowledge. Like sometimes it does depending on how complicated the product is as well. It doesn't makes not everyone on the team is going to be a subject matter expert in the way I would expect a product marketer to be. And so especially with technical products, I think the product marketers are writing anything that requires very deep knowledge. and you know the the the content team, maybe they're editing that, maybe they're making more top off ofunnel stuff, maybe they're making thought leadership stuff, maybe they're just making videos and things like that. And so there's areas where like it just depends on the company like webinars depends on the webinars, depends on the resources, depends on how busy people are could shift over time. And again, it's like there's certain things like like that where I'm like I don't care who it lives. I just care that there's a clear owner, right? And I think it can work in lots of ways. And so, you know, I I try to like because I don't work at one if I work within one company, I'm gonna try to make lines and I'm gonna be like, "This is who does what so nobody gets confused." But because I like give advice to people across lots of companies, I'm like, "Look, there are lots of ways to do this. Just make it really clear who owns what, make it make sense to people's skill sets and strengths, and uh make sure there's a consistent quality bar for things that you're putting out in the world, right? Uh, I know with with those kinds of questions, uh, I'm typically putting people a little bit on the on the spot because it might not be easy to remember, but I still want like I need to make a mental note to send this in advance so the person would would be able to think, but just in case I wonder if you can remember any I don't know smart or unique or like super effective examples of either content marketing or product marketing from the companies you worked with where you were like, "Wo, this was like really impressive." Just like what what did the company what what what was the piece of content or what was the distribution strategy or what was the idea behind it? Like just anything that that impressed you. >> The most successful piece of content I've ever been involved in creating um was when I was at Carta. We put out a report on the um there's a salary gap, a gender salary gap. men make more on the dollar than women. And we did that for equity. We had this proprietary data. We wanted to show uh this was pretty early on. They hadn't done a lot of marketing. Carter kind of got a late start on marketing. And so, um what if we took all the data that we have and actually do this for equity and put out this report. Um this will show that we have enough customers to do this kind of data analysis. It'll be somewhat provocative and we'll put it out. And we did it in partnership with a group of uh angel investors called #ang angels um who were a bunch of ex Twitter executives and they actually came to us with the idea to do something here and then we put it turned it into this report and then the second year we actually did a huge event around it with a bunch of like women in tech and all this stuff. And so um the distribution channels for this was uh press cuz it was very pressworthy and very provocative and we really focused on the one stat on the um on the equity gap. We didn't try to go to reporters like 5,000 stats just like clear message clear stat very headline worthy and was a really great use of data and um I haven't worked at Carta in a long time and they still do a lot with data and put out a lot of interesting data reports so it kind of carried through and how they and how they do things there. Um so that was one of the most interesting and effective and pieces of content I've been a part of. >> Let's let's dig a little bit deeper into this. Uh first of all uh this is an example of very little juice because you didn't talk about the Carter product but like you said it was it had kind of side clues that Carter is big enough to have all >> it's an it's an equity management platform. It shows hey we have all this equity data and hey you can look at your own data in here too and analyze it in these ways. So yeah it's juice adjacent juice adjacent. >> So another kind of tricky question to throw into this how did you measure ROI of this thing if it wasn't kind of directly tied to to the product? Yeah, I mean we were looking at at the time we were um I'm a big I'm even though at let me back up for a second at Carta at the time they have again got a late start on marketing and ops. So we had very little like we didn't have like the multi-touch attribution that you might imagine like a series C or company with that level of revenue would have but we did use just like campaign influence reporting and tagging everything with that campaign and looking at how that campaign influenced revenue. So how many people that ended up buying at the end of the day actually interacted with that campaign in some way as a measure. So we we looked at that and it was also just an awareness play because uh when I joined Carta they had just changed their name from e-shares to Carta and they didn't have a marketing team at at the time. So there wasn't a lot of awareness that like it was the same company. So, we were like this this was when you know press was still like a very viable way to get a lot of like traffic and and leads even um and account engagement and we just need to put Carta on the map and this was a a better way to do it than just say hey Carta's on the map and change his name and you know it was it was a more interesting way to do that. So it was in like 30 publications. So we got a lot of traffic from it, a lot of engagement. We were able to, you know, go back and reach those people and have them be aware of this name and this is an equity management platform. But yeah, I love using campaign influence as like a really tactical way to do this on on certain campaigns. And it also was uh was just measurable in some leading indicators like that web traffic or qualified leads or things like that. We didn't do this was like this was like seven years ago. So, we were like in we were in MQL land at that time. I would do it a little differently today. >> Well, again, I'm one of those people who actually hates trying to put a monetary number uh onto every marketing campaign and try to say, "Oh, like we spend, I don't know, $10,000 on it. Did we get $15,000 back?" Uh I don't think it's possible to measure kind of the the value of like all the marketing we do. And I like how you're saying those uh you're calling those metrics like traffic awareness PR those kinds of things which typically kind of those datadriven marketers I'm using air quotes would call vanity metrics but I do think these things matter a lot in the end at the end of the day I have this uh I have this saying uh get attention and talk about your product it cannot not work. So if you get attention from your target audiences, which is what you did audience audience. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's key. Yeah. >> Which is what you did with your report. Uh and Carter was mentioned. I'm sure that somewhere in your report it explained what Carter is. >> Of course. Of course. Like at the very top. >> So there's no way that that wasn't beneficial for the company. How do you calculate the actual monetary value? I just don't think it's possible. Yeah. I like that you you still can use like all those UTMs and clues and you can see like influence revenue or or or like whatever. But again, I I would ask you a question. If like the numbers were 30% lower, would you still do this? Like if you would see like in those like revenue attribution analytics, the number was 30% lower than >> Truth be truth be told like I had people complaining that we were spending our time doing this versus other things and so it might have been harder to to explain explain it. Um, but I think I'm someone that considers themselves both data driven. Like I came up a while I've been like a journalist for a long time, but I did come up more on the growth side and I was more of a math person than anything else as a kid. And I I'm I I love being data driven, but I also like vanity metrics like cuz I think I like to look at all of the numbers and some things are leading indicators and some things aren't going to pay off right away. And what's so now is you can do more like deanonymization and things like that, not just for the purpose of reaching out to them again, but for the purpose of saying, are the people that are coming to my website actually in the target accounts we're reaching out to? And that's so much more possible now. And like I said, like 7 years ago, you couldn't really do that. You could retarget them with ads and kind of then look at the clickthrough rates of the ads, but you couldn't do what you're doing today. So that's something that's great. Like you can actually look and see if the people coming to your website are qualified even if they're not filling out a form. And that's awesome. >> So this report is a very cool example. Uh anything else come to mind which we can discuss? >> Yeah, I'm trying to think of like some startups that I've worked with or or advised recently that I like what they're doing. I mean I so I'm an investor in clay and I and I uh work with the marketers there from time to time and I really just love what they're doing with the with the GTM or go to market engineer. They basically so they've put out content on what is a go to market engineer and what is it at clay and the general idea here is that when you sell a product like clay you're um you can sell to marketing you can sell to sales you can sell to rev ops and that makes it really hard and there's not like a single buyer so the thought here is if you can actually push forward that there's a role um that could be your buyer and like make that role a reality which they have the influence to do because they have a massive community and ecosystem that they leverage as their engine and distribution channels. If you basically say this is a role now, a go to market engineer and that role is the buyer of our product, you're making a you're making it easier to sell your product in the long run by making this role a big deal. So this is like incredibly strategic. It's one coming up with a new interesting role within market. you're going to hit your audience and two it's ultimately if people adopt this going to make it easier to sell their product because people are now starting to have these roles at their company and it's like well that's the person that's going to buy clay and so there's similar examples um I've worked with a company that does things on the pricing side and usage based pricing side and there's no one in a company that owns pricing and it's like there probably should be this is a massive revenue lever so you could actually do something similar there which is like put out a case for why there needs to be a pricing leader or whatever whatever role you want to have and put that out into the universe and and try to make it happen. So, this is an example of where content can actually like transform the business's ability to sell like it's massive and also serve on its own as a great piece of content. Um, and so of of why go to market roles are evolving and and lines are blurring. So, I love that example. Um, and uh >> wait, let let me stop you right there. as as you were uh explaining this example, one phrase you didn't mention and they wonder why is category creation. So I I I guess you don't think of what Clay did as a category creation because you said they created a role. So like what's what's the difference? >> Well, category creation is a very loaded term, Tim. So I try not to use it because then people are like, should you be creating a category? Clay is creating a category for sure. Um, and but they're not just creating the category, they're creating a the category, I guess, could be considered like we're a go to market engineering platform, but they're literally also like not saying buy this software. They're saying you need this role in your company in absence of using Clay. And so they're actually defining a role in a company, which is interesting content again in itself because it talks about how go to market roles are blurring, which is a huge trend. They're talking about how they do it at Clay with their go to market engineers and what it looks like there. It could look like something different somewhere else where it's a very like uh data enabled, tech enabled, you know, seller essentially. And this also reinforces the category that they're creating and makes it a buyer. So, it's kind of a new form of category creation. I would say in the past if you were to do category creation, you wouldn't think, well, let me make a role who buys this category who buys this product. You would think, let me go to analyst, let me go to the PR side. let me put a really distinct name on what our product is. And they're coming kind of coming about it from a different way. >> Let's shift gears and talk about another uh topic that you were uh promoting uh as of late. >> Can't wait to see like you're pulling things back from like you're like the juice. I'm like wow I forgot about the juice. I like that one though. Uh but yeah, I can't wait to see what you're going to pull out. >> Yeah, like I have like a lot of >> I don't have the notes. Often in the podcast I have the notes so there's no surprise. I like it. Put me on the spot. >> We prepare for those things. >> It's also like night time for me. I'm like this is like a test. Let's do it. All right. Give me give me what you got. Tim, >> you're do you're doing very good. You're doing passing the test. >> I I was I'm a good test taker. It's a thing, you know. I'm not great at everything, but I was good at taking tests. >> So, the rise of ecosystem marketing. >> Oh, yeah. >> Tell me about that. Um, well, some of this is maybe things that a a you know, a company focused on inbound and and SEO might not want to hear, but I don't know if you've heard, let's debate. >> I don't know if you've heard, but inbound is changing and search's on the decline in a lot of ways and and some of it shifting. And so, a lot of the the the old strategy that people would rely on of like create a bunch of content for SEO and grow like crazy. Um maybe that hasn't been working since like before LLMs. It's becoming become more competitive before that happened. But there's two things that have happened there. It's not just that now people search somewhere different or you know look search for information or try to get answers somewhere different. That's it too. But also because you can create content so much more easily. It just became increasingly competitive on the SEO side as you know. So there's certainly pockets there on inbound that you can still find and there's still a bunch of stuff you should be doing there. But it's changing. I think organic social has changed a little bit too. What works on LinkedIn has changed. Uh Twitter acts isn't as viable anymore. Like you know there's new consumer channels but they're harder to crack for B2B companies or like I'm talking like Tik Tok harder for B2B companies to crack. So just things are changing there too. So inbound changing some would say declining harder to use as your only strategy. Outbound saturated for a lot of the same reasons. So much easier to to reach people to get contact and account information. so much easier to send them AI driven messages, outbound, saturated spammy deliverability all those things. Um, so what do you do now? Uh, is the question. And so something that I am really like bullish on is I think because of all of these things, I was talking about it earlier of why I'm like not super scared my job's going to go away tomorrow. It might go away someday, but again, backup plans. But, uh, one of the one of the I don't even know where I was going now. I got worried about my job again. Um, you're scaring me about my life. What was I saying? Uh, oh, >> ecosystem marketing. You're bullish on ecosystem market. >> I I got that part. But one of the things that's happening is I think because of AI again, people are create craving authenticity and human interaction. And you can also say that some of this is because a lot of more people work remotely and things like that. And not in all industries, but at least if you're selling into other tech companies. Um, people crave interaction and they want to hear from humans and they want authenticity and they're seeking it out. And so I've always been excited about using third parties to grow, which is how I use EOS define ecosystem marketing. using third parties to grow, piggybacking on the trust and reach of partners. And partners could mean your own customers. It could mean influencers. It could mean your community. It could mean service providers like the agencies and consultants that already work with your audience or your prospects. That's more like a channel. We would call that channel in some companies. Uh channel marketing. But all of those things I consider ecosystem. To some degree, events are the same way. like you're meeting with people in person or you're piggybacking off of the events reach. Events are kind of like its own category, but you can sometimes bucket it in. But that's what I consider ecosystem marketing. And so I think a lot of these trends are pushing towards ecosystem marketing really being the way to grow or at least a viable way to grow in a way that wasn't there before and something that people are seeking. So I'm seeing a lot of it's also easier than ever to build a product. So, it's easier than ever to build a product. And so, your moat is kind of gone on the product side. So, what's your moat? Well, your moat is your community and the people around you and and all of that. Your customers are a moat in some ways as well. And so, using other people that already reach your audience to grow, I think, is a super viable thing to do these days. And I think all of these trends are pointing to that being like the next big channel. The problem, there are no good tools to manage this. It is so hard. I'm on both sides of working with influencers. Like people sponsor my stuff. I see it that way. I see how hard that is for companies. I see how hard it is even to pull off like an event with a partner. It's so hard. So assuming we get and we're I see I've seen some of them. Assuming we get really viable tools for managing these sorts of things. Um I think that's where I'd put my put depending on the marketing advantages of my company and who the audience was. there's a chance I'd spend a lot more time on that than I did at any of the companies I previously worked at years ago. >> So, one of my previous guests at HF's podcast was Brian Harris. Uh, and one of the things we discussed, uh, he called it borrowing other people's audiences where we can rename people to borrowing other companies audiences, borrowing other brands audiences. >> Yeah. Basically, can we define like a system marketing as like borrowing someone else's audience to promote your brand? Uh, and I guess we're doing this with you already because I believe HS is in the process of sponsoring your newsletter. you sponsored my newsletter before at all and then I'm on your thing and we're just p it's piggybacking off of each other's audience and and maybe not the audience cuz I think sometimes it is viable to work with people who maybe have a smaller audience but a more engaged audience or really like an audience you'd have a hard time reaching or they're like super trusted in the space. They're an expert that's been involved in this forever and so sometimes you're piggybacking off of their like trust and credibility as well. I I definitely agree about this and we also discovered it quite a few years back that it's it's very effective to to go like partner and sponsor again it is very hard to kind of track those things because if we sponsor your newsletter even the open rate it's not like a precise metric because people have blockers then you cannot track how many of them open the email so we don't even know how many people open the email how many people read the message but we know it works because we know you have an engaged audience. We know you have a lot of people who love and respect you, who listen to your recommendations. And we know that you wouldn't kind of partner just with any brand because they're paying you money. You have reputation to to to defend. So we know that if we sponsor you and if we do something with Emily Kramer, that gives us some credibility within your audience. So, it's it's not measurable, but we like again back to first principles, it works. >> And you all have a really great approach to it. Uh I only have one part-time person that works for me on all the things that I do. And she manages sponsors because there aren't that many great tools to do this. Like it's it's a half a person. Um Katie and uh Katie usually asks like, "What's your goal here? How are you going to measure success?" And some people have like very specific answers. And it's like, "Oh, well, you're going to probably be disappointed. Like, this isn't that attributable. like this is more like you're doing you're piggybacking off of the audience. We can give you click data and open rate data but ultimately it's you know an association thing and Emily chooses really carefully who she works with and she'll promote you in other ways whether it's in this newsletter or not because now you're like in that slot for you know uh you know I don't know whatever category you're in. And so uh yeah I think I think you all had a really great answer and a really great approach to it that I think aligns with how I think people should think about it. Um >> yeah, if you if you only do marketing that's easy to measure and uh prove ROI of, you will have a lot of competition because everyone wants to do things that are easy to prove. Once you go into the territory where it's not easy to prove things, uh yeah, it's it's kind of there is less competition. >> There's a sound bite there. I mean, that was a sound bite in and of itself, but it was like it's like the best marketing ideas aren't measurable. I think is kind of true. like the big brand things, the big the things that haven't been done before. Therefore, there are no tools to measure it. Like those are usually the things that are going to cause the biggest, you know, change in growth for you or really like change the trae trajectory. Wow. Trajectory. That's a hard word to say at night. >> I mean, you are the native speaker here, so >> sometimes sometimes it doesn't feel that way. I stumble over I I talk too fast, so I stumble over my words all the time. Let me push back a little bit though on the doom and gloom of SEO is dying because again I have to defend I did not I said it's changing. >> No, I know. I know. And I'm sure that you will agree with me with what I say because >> people will not stop searching. People will have problems. People will have questions. They would be searching for those things. So the like >> would you get as much traffic to your website from those searches? Probably not because people will start getting answers right away in Google, in chat, GPT, in whatever. >> But do you have to think about I like the word being discoverable. Are you discoverable? If people ask a question, would they find you? So this is like a lot of people are pivoting uh search engine optimization to search everywhere optimization. But ultimately, you have to stay discoverable. whatever search engine, whatever platform, whatever tool people use to search for something, uh you have to be there. So yeah, I don't think uh SEO as like as an underlying concept of people looking for things, it isn't going away, but for marketers what we kind of have to do and what we need to think about and what what kind of metrics we need to look after, it's not search traffic. Yeah, search traffic is going down and that's okay because we need to look at other things like brand mentions in those AI answers and stuff like this. Yeah, there's there's it's just I mean things change all the time. Like if you look look back on marketing over you know if you if you've done it for a while you're like things change all the time and what works changes all the time and you know seize the opportunity to like take an opportunity like make this an opportunity to actually like try some different big things instead of just staying stuck in your rut I think is kind of how you have to look at it too. Another cool topic uh that uh popped up in our research that you love talking about is uh founder brand and founder as an influencer. So for me it is a very interesting topic because our founder hates any publicity. It is very hard to make him I don't know tweet something or post something. He he doesn't do any interviews. But I took on the role and I'm kind of the the face of HFS because I believe that it is incredibly effective marketing channel. I see my personal brand as a marketing channel for the company. But yeah, I would love to to uh hear your thoughts. What what kind of issues have you seen? What kind of conversations have you had and how you think of kind of a founder as an influencer for for startups for like later stage companies? Yeah, I so I think you know again back to this like indivi authenticity hearing from individuals like the personal brands are doing better than company brands especially on social these days and people kind of want a face and for now they want faces of real people like who knows we'll have like fake influencers and whatever I'm not sure but for now it's real people and so it's it's just much harder especially again especially on social to grow a company um account and So um you know it's it can be a really viable way to grow to go through individuals and then the question is well who at your company if the founder doesn't want to do it and how do you prop them up or how do you help the founder do that and so I think it's not for everyone but if you have an audience that is very active um you know be it on LinkedIn or even on like Reddit or at events or whatever it is like propping up the personal brand of someone at a company is is more needed than I think it once was. And I think if a founder has to have some desire to do it though I don't think every founder you can't force it if they have absolutely no desire to your point like it's not going to happen but if a founder has some desire to do it and has a lot of ideas I think there's lots of ways to help them build up their own presence and some of that is just like uh you know having a week or a monthly hourlong meeting where you record it and get a bunch of ideas. Some of it is just like having them put voice notes in a Slack channel with just you whenever they think of something random and make it really easy. Um, ultimately they're going to have to engage. If it's on something like LinkedIn, it's hard to just have someone else engage for you. But I think if there's some desire there and there's some signal that your audience is hanging out in certain places, there can be huge opportunities to grow through this. I think also it works super well like in your example if there's if there's a role if there's someone in your target audience at your company, right? Like you target marketers and you're a marketer so it makes a ton of sense. Um so it doesn't always have to be the founder. Um, but I think you'll see this more and more. And I think you're also seeing if you can't do this and you can't really build up an executive or a person at your company as a personal brand. That's where it really makes sense to partner with other people who already have that to partner with influencers or creators or just again piggybacking off of individuals presences and brands cuz people are really looking for that these days. So I don't know that there's that much controversial there to say. I think the the thing that is challenging for marketers is like my founder really wants to be an influencer and I have no idea how to harness this or like how to manage this and they don't actually want to put in the time to do the work cuz it's a lot of work or the flip side we need some we need to get something going you know in thought leadership and social in these areas and I don't know how to get started our founder doesn't want to do this so I see those are the two kind of challenges and it's just how do you how do you work through those so um something I work with marketers a lot when I advise and with founders on how to do this properly. >> Yeah. So I don't see this topic as a controversial. It's more so I want to kind of uh have some mental ping pong with you to get to the bottom of things. And uh I think like what's cool about uh having a founder brand and having a founder is an influencer is that they have an outsides leverage. Whenever whenever you post something on social media, you need credibility. Like why should people listen to you? And if you're a founder, the credibility is inherent. And this is why I called like I joined the company as the only marketer. There were like 16 people in the company. I was the only marketer. I almost immediately called myself CMO. Uh because this is how you get attention. Like yeah, I'm the only marketer. I'm I'm responsible for everything. Let me just as well call myself CMO because like I'm there's no one else except for CEO above me. Uh yeah, Dimmitri approved that. Thanks. Thanks for that because otherwise he could say no team like let's hold off the title of CMO. Let's call you like VP of something. I might hire CMO later or something. But it's cool that Dmitri just allowed me to to snatch the title because I think it gave me a lot of leverage. I was talking as the CMO of the company and people were oh this guy is responsible for all of the marketing in this company. He's not I know marketing manager or whatever. And founders in that sense they have like all the leverage possible. they are the the person the the he or she who is like responsible for everything and making all the biggest decision. So when they post something and again what I noticed with Mitri he he has a lot less followers than I do because like he's not active I am but whenever he posts something it's easy for him to get more reach than for me because he's the freaking founder. He's the guy who started it all. he's the guy. >> Well, there's just when he does something, there's going to be a really high engagement rate and then that's what's going to be rewarded and go from there. Yeah, I think yeah, it's if the founder, but again, if the founder has no desire to do it, I mean, when I was at a sauna, I maybe he doesn't want me talking about whatever. When I was at a sauna, Dustin, the CEO, had been a Facebook founder previously, he didn't want to be front and center. He wanted to be like an operating day-to-day CEO, which people find surprising, but like he didn't want to be the face of the company. Um, and so one the other co-founder kind of took on more of that role and he did things when he had to, but it wasn't his desire. And that's someone where you're like, "You're the co-founder of Facebook. Can you please speak more?" Uh, but he didn't, you know, he he didn't necessarily want to do that. And and that's fair. And I think you have to respect it and find other avenues. Um, because it's really hard to get someone from not wanting to do it at all to doing it. But if there's any desire, I think it's possible to make it easier and streamline some of the workflows and and help make it possible. I also think kind of a shortcut is to actually hire people with audience who like in your industry. >> Yes. >> If you see someone who is already doing this, that's probably the best bet because I hired Ryan Law, our head of content. I saw him very active like with thought leadership when he was working at an agency. He already had a following. People enjoyed what he was doing. I was like, "Wow, I need to get this guy. I I really like what he's doing." and he's continuing doing that at HFS now. >> I mean, it's a great thing for like marketers who have built up a a presence and then going to work at companies that target marketers or is just like it it works super well. If you're still allowed to do the things that you did so well before, like don't cut them off from doing what they did before. Yeah, I I've seen I've seen this happening more and more. I think I see it a lot with companies targeting marketers or go to market companies. Um, but I see it as just like there's a lot of value in bringing a subject matter who's known in their community, no matter what that is and no matter what the subject is, into your company and into your marketing team or if they're not on the marketing team per se, like having subject matter experts at the company. Um, you know, I think about companies that are in like health tech and they have like a chief medical officer that they kind of think have to have, but also then using them to help you create content. like there's a huge role for for subject matter experts that already have uh you know power in the community and just bringing them on in the marketing team and having people that actually know how to do marketing already to kind of show them that's a really great combination and I think we'll see more and more we're already seeing more and more creators just straight up get hired that have never worked at at a startup before and we're also seeing like the chief evangelist role more and I think I'm also seeing people being like companies having like micro adviserss or like you know advisers whose whole job is just to like promote promote them. Um, or people that are getting like long-term SP like I have a few long-term sponsors for for things as well. Um, and in those situations, I am like really close with the team and talking to them all the time cuz, you know, we're on Slack and working together and stuff like that. So, it feels like I'm like part of the company in a way. Let's also address an elephant in the room in this regard because the common concern is that uh the company would invest like money and effort to grow someone's audience and then this person goes away. >> Yeah, I thought a lot about this and this is always my push back on it too. And then I thought when someone's in a job, they're learning a lot of skills that are transferable and you're investing in them as a manager and you're investing in training them and there's always a risk that they're going to, you know, they're going to be the best product marketer ever and take all the things you taught them as a product marketer and go work somewhere else. Well, it's kind of the same thing. You're investing in them building their audience and then they're taking that audience somewhere else. I I think there's still risk and it's still riskier than just taking a regular skill set, especially if they go to like a competitor. That's weird. And there is more risk. And that's why typically it is like an executive or a um or a founder where hopefully they're going to maybe stick around a little longer, but I don't know if that's even true. So yeah, that is the elephant in the room. But if you try to see it as like there's lots of things that you of transferable skills people gain on the job and this is just a transferable audience, maybe it helps. But yeah, still a still a potential, still a possibility. And >> I have seen one one really quick thing. I have seen those kinds of people stay on later as an adviser, like leave and stay on as an adviser, which I think can work pretty well. >> That makes a ton of sense. And you completely kind of shifted my perspective because this is something I didn't think of. So yeah, there's like there's this kind of pie chart of how a person is valuable to your company. They have these skills and that skills. They may have like soft skills, people skills, hard skills. And audience is just like a piece of this pie chart. And it's no different from other pieces of value that you're losing when you're losing this person. It's just like another thing. So yeah, and another thing I like what I thought about this is even if that person leaves your company, as long as you part on good terms, of course, you will have you will always have a shortcut to their audience. So if I were to leave HFS tomorrow and go go do something else, I cannot see like Dimmitri messaging me, hey team, we released this cool stuff. Can you check it out and talk about it? Yeah, sure. I I spent 10 years at this company like every everyone here is my friends. Like I I I still love the brand. I helped build this. There would always be a shortcut like to to come to me and to talk about HFS even if I go do something else. And this is how I think for uh this is how I think of the influencers that we're growing within our marketing department. As long as we part ways on good terms with these people, I will always be in contact with them and we'll always have a shortcut to their audience and we we would be able to leverage their audience to keep promoting our brand. >> Exactly. And that's again like where like having them stay on as an adviser or maybe even continuing to give them a little bit of equity if they're super valuable and they want to commit to something like there's ways to do it. Um, and so yeah, I mean it just makes you more and more indispensable at your job. So like like lots of other skills, right? So yeah, >> Emily, thanks a lot for joining HF's podcast. I really enjoyed talking to you. I think in a lot of things probably in most things we think very similarly about marketing. But I did learn quite a lot from you today. So I I take it as free advising that that could have cost me like I said don't work for free. No, this is Yeah, this this would have cost you a lot. Uh, no, this is this is an example of like, you know, I'm piggybacking off of your audience and you're piggybacking off of mine. And I Okay, I don't want it to make it sound like I don't like I'll take I've done like several calls in the last week that are just like free advice. I don't charge everyone, but with a company for a long period of time, I'm certainly going to going to charge. Um, >> I I I'm just kidding. But yeah, thanks for >> But I don't want to sound like a jerk, you know. Uh, but I also think people should just get paid. Know your worth and get paid for it. like, you know, come on. Uh, so anyway, yeah, it was really fun chatting with you and, uh, hearing your perspective and to have it be a surprise of what you're going to pull out and ask me next. So, >> thanks for joining, Emily. >> Thanks for having me. Bye. >> Thanks a lot for sticking till the very end of this episode. I guess that means you enjoyed it, right? Because if you did, I have to ask you to subscribe to this YouTube channel or maybe click the follow button if you're listening to this on Apple or Spotify. Not sure if you know this, but subscriptions and follows are the strongest signal for these platforms to show this piece of content to more people. So, I would really, really appreciate it if you would follow and subscribe. Thanks in advance and I'll see you in the next episode. Why?
