# B2B Marketing Masterclass with Dave Gerhardt in under 45 minutes

**YouTube:** [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB8ZJ01N3bk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB8ZJ01N3bk)
**Expert:** Dave Gerhardt
**Segments:** 1318

---

## Transcript

The number one most timeless marketing principle is probably that understanding that people don't give a [ __ ] about your product. No one is walking around thinking like I'd love to see a good ad right now. Do we have to go and create an entirely new category to compete there? You don't want to sell sell more of your product and like let's let's not do marketing again. No one in our industry like has done anything with a sense of humor and is funny picture of a guy with like a rope around his neck and it was like the rope was being cut and it said like time to break up with your CPA. Someone messages me after hey that example that you used about X was awesome. I'm like perfect. What you just said is like that is the that is marketing. You kidding me? If 50 years ago you could reach your ideal customers just through content and creative online without having to do anything. That's that's an incredible opportunity. They're not talking about products. They're not sharing, you know, demo videos. They're just making fun, relatable content. Allison on our team was like writing an email. She was like sitting at her desk like with her dog and a cup of coffee. Like just take kind of like a candid photo of you and be like, "PS. Here I am on a cool Tuesday morning. I work out every day, but I have ice cream every night." Hey guys, it's Ugi here from Content Monk. And today's episode of the B2B Show with Yugi is probably one of the most important highlights of the first season. Today as a guest we have one and only Dave Ghart, CEO of Exit 5, probably one of the biggest B2B marketing experts out there. Dave is the one of the first ambassadors of the founder brand and we talk about many different things from what makes a perfect storytelling in B2B, how to make it, what are the frameworks, how to write winning copy, why your product is not for everyone, how to create a narrative and messaging playing book and what are the growth and marketing strategies for the future of B2B marketing in the AI era. how to stand out and a much much more interesting topics that we covered. So sit tight and enjoy because for me personally I love all episodes but this one was one of the best and also the first time that I had a chance to meet one of the one of the greatest people in the B2B world. So enjoy. marketing has gone through a lot of shifts in the last I would say 15 years and a lot of trends you know keep coming and and going right and the playbooks that we are doing today the playbooks that we used to do like a 10 years ago didn't work five years ago the playbooks that used to work like a two or three years ago do not work today so tell me like what are some of the timeless marketing principles that used to work like hundreds years ago and that will work for hundred more years. >> I think the the the number one most timeless marketing principle is probably that um understanding that people don't give a [ __ ] about your product. They care about themselves, right? No one is walking around thinking like, I'd love to see a good ad right now or, you know, I'd love to be interrupted by by something. And um I think getting attention is is one part of marketing and there are right and wrong ways in my opinion to get that attention. But I think really really having a deep understanding of who are you trying to sell to? What makes them tick? What are the things they care about? How can you talk to them in their language? How can you get them to care? How can you get them to think about improving themselves? Most of us, even if we don't admit it, we are selfish. We're we're humans. We're we're selfishly wired. We're we're wired to be around each other, to seek shelter, to have egos, to feel fragile, to want to impress people. There's all these kind of core emotional benefits. And I think that's where that's where I would probably start if I wasn't able to like pick a pick a tactic or a tool or a channel. It's like, okay, how can I get this person to to feel something so I can then tell them about the product and how we solve their problem and make their life better in some way. >> Which probably brings us, I would say, to narrative positioning and messaging, right? which can be the root cause of all problems in any B2B organization or if like you know done correctly uh it can be probably one of the main reasons why something works or why while they are growing so so big. So how do you approach these three things? I I think it's helpful to not even try to be a B2B marketer in this sense and just think about what makes a great story, what makes a compelling story, right? What watching, uh, I've been reading Harry Potter with my kids and just the the story arc is is amazing. And so, um, understanding the principles of storytelling, I think a lot of times we get caught up in like the and I love all these I love all these resources and I rely on them. I'm not saying this in a negative way. It's what comes up in the Age of Five community is, hey, I need to get better positioning. It's like read this book from April April Dunford or read story brand or read my thing or use this framework or here's this template. And it's so often when in my life, in my businesses or what I'm working on, when we've gotten to a good story, it's very rarely from like we had this like Google doc template and we walk through the whole exercise. is it's very much like know we deeply understand the customer, we deeply understand the problem. You become obsessed with solving that problem. You become obsessed with the customer and that pain and then you're out on a walk one day. You you just have this creative idea about how you're going to how you're going to share that story and it becomes two or three lines of copy and like for Exit 5 it's been this concept of like you know no one goes to school for B2B marketing. um at Drift when I when I worked there was this I it was like the we made lead forms into this villain. You know, you can argue about whether that's right or wrong today. It's been a long time, right? But but that was creative storytelling to make lead forms this villain and no forms kind of became the movement that the company rallied around. And so all of the positioning docs and decks and strategy templates and briefs in the world are not as concise as like no forms as a slogan and as a movement to like rally the messaging around. And so I think that the the the more simple you can you can distill that message down the the better. The the best resource I've ever seen on this is uh a book called The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs by this guy Carmine Gella. And um if you've never like taken notes and watched like the Steve Jobs like 2007 Apple, you know, when he first did the iPhone keynote, it it's amazing just how intentional every word was, but how simple it was um is a is an excellent lesson in in storytelling. So I I I would start there. >> How would you define a good story? >> Probably lots of ways. I'm just trying to think about for me like which books do I finish? A good story is one that keeps me interest. A good story is one that keeps you that keeps you interested, keeps you engaged, right? Okay. So, what makes you what makes it interesting? What makes you what what keeps you engaged? Probably some type of there's some type of pain, some type of friction. There's kind of some before and after, maybe some transformation. There's some type of tension. There's some type of conflict. Maybe there's there's a hero. Maybe there's a good guy and a bad guy. Maybe there's some type of mystery or intrigue like the those are all ingredients that that could be pulled on to craft your story. I don't think there's one way. >> Let's go one step one step back, right? Uh if the company is in a very crowded category, right, the crowded market where we have a lot of metos uh popping every single week. Uh what would be your approach? Is it more to focus on the existing category or try to narrow down and be X for Y and try to kind of a define the little subcategory in in in a bigger space? How would you approach that or to try and catch as much demand as possible from the existing one? >> I think I don't I don't have a strong opinion on on this. I think it's funny because there's there's been a lot of people over the years who get really hot and bothered and and get in arguments online about creating a category or not. Um I think that a lot of companies tried to do it in tech and didn't do it successfully and there kind of became this line of thinking that like that was the only way to do it right and I think this is where context matters a lot. If I'm if you and me want to start a Riverside, if we want to start a podcast recording service and it's a competitor to Riverside, right? Do we have to go and create an entirely new category to to to compete there? Or could we be happy? This is the part I've never understood about it. Could could if D if if Dave and Uki were happy building a nice small profitable 2 to3 million a year SAS business and we were like, "Yeah, we're like Riverside, but like a little bit cheaper." and uh I don't know our our color is green. Wouldn't that wouldn't that work? Wouldn't that wouldn't that be successful for us for you and me? Like if we're happy with that, right? And so I think on the other side of things, I think they we a lot of founders, you know, if you if you raise VC dollars, you have to chase this big outcome and you have to sell this really big vision and you have to try to come up with a category that can be as big as, you know, CRM or something like that. And I I think that's really hard, right? Because there are so many copycat products, there are so many similar things today and even if you look at the chatter online, even if something is new, especially I see this in in like martekch or sales tech, right? Everyone just starts rolling their eyes because they're like, "Oh, great. Another vendor has another another name of something, another new acronym, right?" And so those are all to me like objections in the market that you'd have to address headon. And I think that probably the real to truly create a new category, you have to be that like 1% founder with where you're not like starting a company and then trying to create a category. You're starting the company because you fundamentally have that vision and the company is being built because it is completely different from the beginning. And so you can't like be building your podcasting app and then being like hey marketing guy like come up with our categories. It's like no because the the design for that category has to be fundamentally architected around the product. What is the product? What is our way of doing things? What is what is completely you know chatbt is giving us a completely new way to search for things online. they they they weren't trying to, you know, there wasn't like marketing spin that was rethought from from the ground up. So, I think that's where a lot of that stuff gets messed up. I also think we we we try to just stick too much to like something that something that seems good like it seems good to be the only we want to be the first or the only. I think there's a huge value in in being different, you know and putting your perspective on the putting your perspective on the market and but that has to start with the the product vision. That's not a marketing spin thing, right? Marketing can help you get in there and deeply understand customers and we're going to build this together and we're going to have we're going to have beta customers and you know this doesn't happen in a vacuum. It's like we got all right we have this idea for summit. We got five customers. Wow. They're using it. They're telling us that this is a whole new way. They've never done it this way before. Right. >> So tell me, we have our narrative, we have our positioning, our story. Now it's time to choose the goals and to choose the strategy to you know reach those reach those milestones quarterly mile milestones yearly or whatever. So how do you approach that phase? >> I think it starts and ends with it should start and end with sales. Like the goal should be like we want to sell more stuff, right? And I think in our world a lot of this gets tricky and muddy because a lot of times it's like well I'm working on a software I'm working with a software company at least that's my experience and the product is not ready yet so we kind of want to start talking about it but we're not ready to sell yet and so therefore you can't measure marketing on direct you know just direct sales and there's a lot of nonsense there and I think this is where we can we can learn from like I think the best I love talking about marketing with with a a friend of mine who's like a small business owner like my accountant because it's like they don't think about attribution and MQLs and lead scoring. It's like I want to get more clients and I that's important. I think you need to understand B2B and it is complex and it's different but I think like the smartest people you talk to they they make things seem simple like let's root everything in being simple and so sure if you don't want to do you don't want to sell sell more of your product then like let's let's not do marketing and you don't have to do that. Just you don't have to do it. It's fine. It's not for everybody, right? But if you're like, "Okay, we got this product, we want to sell it, then we're going to then we're going to use marketing." Okay, it's first principles. All right. So, so then how are we going to do marketing? Well, this is the fun part is let's evaluate the market. Let's look around and let's see, okay, we're building a, you know, AI native CRM. Um, a new way of doing a CRM. Okay, great. Let's look at all the who who had who is our who is the person we're trying to sell that to, right? So like clearly defining that person not and and at to start not not 10 different personas not 10 different ICVs like let let's focus in on one let's find one use case one pocket of customers that we can really nail this for because it's always going to be easier to add on multiple personas as you go and so I'd think like let's find that one specific avatar that's one specific person and then I'm going to do then I want to like look at the market and see what other products who has their attention who are they selling stuff to right what what com of those competitor comptors like how are they doing marketing? Oh, they're all doing events. They're all doing SEO. They're all doing ads. They're all doing, you know, they all go to these podcasts. They all go to these events. They're all they're all sponsoring these podcasts. Okay. Well, are we going to spend all of our money and try to like outspend them on all those channels? Probably not. We probably need like a wedge. Like, we need some way to start. And so, if I'm starting a new company and I'm like, "Yeah, you're my my biggest competitor is uh Salesforce and they're advertising on all the top podcasts, then like let's not go play on that channel." But what where um I think ultimately like this is about finding the gaps and understanding that marketing is a game of attention and so where are the channels and so actually you know what no one in our industry like has done anything with a sense of humor and is funny and is making short form video and so like okay we sell to HR we're going to start trying to make HR we're gonna start trying to make like entertaining educational content for HR for HR people that's just that's just one that's one angle right or let's say that like, okay, we do want to go to the event. Hi, good to see you. We we do want to go to the event that all of our competitors are at. We do want to go to Saster, right? But we're not going to get a booth like everybody else. We want to try to get a we're going to do something completely different, right? Actually, we we found out that like Tuesday morning, um, no one's doing a breakfast or our booth is going to be different. Like, it's literally just trying to trying to find the gaps. I want to try to find the opportunities as opposed to trying to to to compete in in all the same channels. And then lastly, I think really having a bunch of ideas and hypothesis, but like committing to one or two channels. I think if you look back at any company that gains initial traction, it's almost always like one or two things. It's not a little bit of Tik Tok, a little bit of YouTube, a little bit of email, a little bit of ads. Those things happen over time, but it's like one clear channel that you found and you have kind of, you know, t topic market audience fit and that's where you're that's where you're going to start. >> Yeah. But like in in most cases, I would say companies would be in a position where they have a lot of competitors who are present on many different channels at once, right? and getting that attention on just like a one channel such as for example I don't know LinkedIn might not be you know sufficient for getting into the you know consideration set of of their buyers so like what's what's that fix over there like how do you is there like >> there's no fix that that that's the game you have to play >> Hey guys just a real quick sorry for interrupting the episode did you ever feel overwhelmed with the amount of low quality and crappy content that you find on Google and LinkedIn. Well, B2B Vault, the producers of this episode, solve that problem. B2B Vault is a database of hundreds and hundreds of expert level insights and articles written by 300 plus B2B marketing experts. And B2B monitors hundreds of websites every single week to uncover new trends and new articles. So you are the first to learn the new trends, insights, and playbooks from the best B2B marketing minds. And every Monday morning, we send out a newsletter with a few most important reads every B2B marketeer should read at the start of their week to make sure that you hit your quota and get more deals in the pipeline. So yeah, just very quickly, if you're interested in this, go to theb2world.com/newsletter and join thousands of other B2B marketeers in our Monday newsletter. See you there. If I'm saying like, okay, all my customers, all my customers are are on LinkedIn, all my competitors are on LinkedIn, we're all saying the same thing, then that's the problem to go solve. Then like that is why creative matters. That is why the brand stuff matters. That is why having a different story and a hook and an offer matters. It could come in any form. It could come in like we have an idea for a creative ad concept and we're selling. I saw I saw one for like accounting software once and it was like a picture of a guy with like a rope around his neck and it was like the rope was being cut. It said like time to break up with your CPA. It's like that is that's a me that was a memorable ad. I don't I don't know if it worked, right? But it's like how do we how do we get in how do we get in that conversation that that's that's where the art of like coming up with a a story, finding that finding that pain point, finding that value prop, finding a way to to like pitch your story in a way that's going to interrupt the feed. >> Which brings us now to something I also wanted to ask you. Uh uh feedback loops. How do you know that the story or the content that you create or anything else any tactic that you do uh it's is working considering that the buying you know journey might be very very long. Well, I think the ultimate measure is sales, right? And that's not going to be direct, but that might take time. And so that would be like how I'd want I'd want to measure this at the end of the day, right? But in the short term, if we start if we if we work on our story and the story doesn't come in the form of like here's our story and then you hit publish and people are like yay. It's like here is the story and we're going to, you know, we believe that our customers are on LinkedIn or they're on Tik Tok or whatever. We're going to start creating we're going to start creating content. We're going to start we're going to start distributing this story into the world via like social media short form content of some sort, right? Or it could be your CEO is your CEO gets invited to speak at a startup demo day and we're going to you know her presentation is going to be all all it's going to be we're going to weave messages from this story into her presentation and after the event three people come up to her and they tell her like that story like I totally feel that pain that resonated with me and I am this ideal I am the customer right That's that's not like a number in a spreadsheet, but that's kind of a feeling. It's like going being a comedian and you're testing out new content. You go to a bunch of different clubs, you test out what stories, you know, you tell jokes or you're you're around your friends. And I'm sure we all have stories and anecdotes and examples. Like I do it all the time. If I'm if I'm hosting a webinar and I use an example to highlight something and I see the chat like react or someone messages me after, hey, that example that you used about X was awesome. I'm like perfect. That is that's the feedback that that's that's what I need. That's what I'm looking for. It's that okay, it's val a little bit. It's not per it's not perfect, but it's a signal that that's one example could also come in other forms. It could be I know when I write about this topic on LinkedIn or social media, the response is different than it is from when I when I write about something else. And so therefore, this topic is is something I should go deeper on. This topic is landing. And in the early days that could be like no one's ever comment commented on your post and today you got three comments, right? Or like I'm I'm sure you I'm sure I'm sure you feel this like you have a podcast you put you're putting out content you you did a webinar last couple weeks ago. It's like I'm sure you got a couple DMs from people after that and they're like okay cool. Like that thing that I talked about like I showed that NAD workflow thing like that resonated with people. That's a seed for then you to be like I should go create more more content around this because I think it would be valuable. It's it's that same thing but just you know extrapolated out for for a company >> after this session that we had in exit 5 on like um AI workflows like literally that day and like a few days after my inbox on LinkedIn was like flooded with you know messages like hey yogi like what a great workflow like you're s I voted for you you know uh I think I had like 150 plus messages uh and I I know in those like two or three case I got like 200 or so connection requests on LinkedIn. Uh so so yeah, I guess definitely when you're doing something that people love, you definitely you you can't uh you you cannot unnotice that if you get what I'm trying to say. >> Sure. >> Sure. And and that wait I just want to go I want to keep going on that because I think >> what you just said is like that is the that is marketing, right? But it's like there's no framework there. There's nothing complicated there. like you prepared something. Now granted, like let's reverse engineer that like you got asked to speak on this webinar. So that's just like back to your question about where would you start? Like that would assume that like you're the founder of this company and you could get on a webinar. Okay. Well, maybe that's a good way to reach it. Turns out for you good way to reach your people is to work with people like five. It's like you have you had an idea that was relevant to our audience. We had the audience. You got to speak and present. Now you could go and create your like, oh wow, I have a million ideas of what I could do for my business around AI and workflow of automation because I learned that on this thing, right? The same would be true if you if you sold, you know, if you sold a type of a snack. It doesn't have to be enterprise software. It's the same thing. It's like, I gave out samples of this thing to people and they liked it and they told me they want more of it and now I'm going to go figure out how to make more of it. >> Exactly. Tell me. I I would say like that most of companies and marketeers out there are uh under constant pressure of delivering results quickly. So how do you balance long-term plays and shortterm short-term games? >> Yeah, it's a it's a hard it's a hard question and I think a lot of times there's there's no perfect answer. I don't have a piffy answer. It's a one of those human nature things that's hard. It's like how do you uh like I I work out every day but I have ice cream every night. You know, those are those those those those are conflicting things but humans humans are capable of doing both. And so I think you have to be able to understand what what are the long what are first of all what are the short shortterm and long-term goals, right? And so shortterm usually means like we need we need to sell some stuff today because we got to keep the lights on a little bit. And I think this is where even though we're talking about B2B, it's it's helpful to just think think more like a brick-andmortar business or a small business. It's like they might not have 24 months to like prove this concept out. It's like we got to we got to sell some burritos like now. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I think a lot of the a lot a lot of the a lot of the short-term and long-term things come from like okay well I'm working at a ventureback startup and we got $10 million in the bank and so it's not super important for me to like sell 10 customers today and it's like that's why that stuff is hard to think about and hard to measure but like if you and me started you know our burrito stand and it's like yeah dude we need to make money we need to sell some of these things so we can like buy more ingredients so we can buy more you know buy another food truck so we can service more people. Like you have to do the short-term stuff. Short-term is sales. And so I think a lot of times when we conflate short-term and long-term, we we think that there's a disconnect between long-term means brand and short-term means sales. And it's like no, because long-term means hopefully you have a brand and then if more people if more people know about our food truck over time, then they're going to just going to show up to it without us having to like spend money to advertise and get them to go there. So I think you got to be able to do both. I think roughly probably thinking in the terms of like 75% of your efforts are focused on today and 25% are focused on you know future or 7030 but I also think this this questioning comes up a lot also assumes that shortterm equals bad and shortterm is going to hurt you in the long run and I think that's also false it's like all the things we're doing today should help us build our brand so that after 6 months 12 months two years three years people know we are they know our reputation, they're going to come to us. It's doesn't have to be this negative thing that short-term equals bad and those are going to hurt you from for in the long in the long run. >> If you're about like to join uh some software company right now as a CMO, VP of marketing, like whatever, like where would you start? Like what are the tactics or the playbooks that you would try to implement right away? >> Content and social and so social media content. I think that it's the most unbelievable marketing channel. It's like you can you can literally reach your direct you can reach your customers directly online and you can do it with nothing but your brain and your creativity and it actually doesn't cost a dollar. You could you could start a Tik Tok account or an Instagram account or a podcast or YouTube shorts and you could make interesting content about your topic. And I it's so funny that people in our industry they love to like for some reason they hate on like Gary Ve's lessons and playbook. maybe because of his delivery, but it's like if you just take that out, it's like, are you kidding me? If 50 years ago you could reach your ideal customers just through content and creative online without having to do anything, that's that's an incredible opportunity. And so that's what I that's where I would start. And then in B2B, this the content specifically that I think that that can work is um education. I think people want to know how to be better and do better at their job. And so whether you're in HR or accounting or sales or finance or marketing, how can we help those people do better at work? And then there's lots of ways within there. It can be entertaining. It can be educational. It can be useful. It can be funny. Um you know, if you look at somebody like like um corporate bro or corporate Natalie, hil those those two are hilarious. They they make amazing videos and content about like work work life, you know, work culture and that they're the perfect people to now like launch a product or have something to sell to or, you know, they should be paid however a million dollars a year by Salesforce to like promote their product because they they have the audience. They have they have the audience of salespeople of knowledge workers of sales and marketing people of inoffice people and they have their attention and they have their interest and they've done it because they're not they're not talking about products they're not sharing you know demo videos they're just making fun relatable content now that's really hard and not everybody is funny like that and so then I if we can't be funny like that in house as cringey then let's take a different approach let's but I think leading with leading with the facts and being useful and specific like for you right to for you to grow your business Like I don't think you have to make cute funny videos. You could you could win by being like I just share like really practical stuff, useful stuff for marketers. It's very specific. It's very tactical. Um you know, look at that guy. There's a guy on YouTube, Greg, Greg Eisenberg. He has this like startup ideas podcast and he literally just has people on and they just like they just do what you did. They just like he hosts it and then they demo their like n workflow and it's like every video goes nuts because people want that type of content right now. There's not it's not crazy. It's not crazy editing. It's not very funny. He's actually pretty dry, but it's perfectly useful for that audience. That that's where I would start. >> Uh it's funny you you you're saying all of this. I think uh recently a few a few weeks back I read somewhere from someone I don't remember who exactly but basically I'm paraphrasing like uh and and I guess this can also be you know uh included in that timeless marketing principles list. Like basically our job as marketeteers is to make our ICP like succeed at their work you know or or get whatever they want to get you know even before buying from us. So so that's uh that's definitely on point. Tell me um for all these years that I'm following you uh you're talking a lot about copywriting and we both agree that copywriting is probably one of the most important skills any marketeteer can can learn. So then I'm like what are some besides the I would say first sentence second sentence we all know about what are some like copyrightiting principles uh we all know about and we learn from you but what are some other like copyrightiting principles you consciously or subconsciously use in your daily daily work whenever you're writing something. I think one of them is always like, and this is like if I'm writing, whether I'm writing an email to my kids school or I'm sending an email for work, like I think always trying to convey the big idea in like the first one or two sentences of whatever you're writing because I think we're just wired to like, you know, if it's like, hey Dave, as you know, da da da, like our brain's just like, what is this about? Like we want the we want the frame, we want the context. I think that make also it's a good exercise because it's like the headline. want to know what's in it. And I think you can do that with interest and intrigue and curiosity or you can just be factbased. But um even today we were we were looking at our newsletter that we send out with our team and I I kind of went through it and just shared some feedback on like the the reader experience and I suggested like we've been writing the newsletter. It's basically like each week in the newsletter we share a workflow or something that a marketer did and my feedback was like it's good but it was too like storytelling when I when I wanted to have like I think we should have like a two or three lines up front that's like hey in this edition of the newsletter we're going to tell you about Jillian. Jillian is the content marketing manager at User Evidence and she she had this interesting play where she ran a survey and got 600 responses and here's how she did it right. I like that like pref like that frame up front like I'm gonna tell you what this is about. So I think really honing in on like it's not just about being direct and getting to the point but having that hook and being able to read something in the first one or two lines and get a sense for what this is about. I think that formatting is really underrated as a copywriting tool and uh you know people like to like [ __ ] on like the LinkedIn bros for like the broetry you know like line line but there is something to that in that it is very easy to read it and it's very easy to follow and ultimately like I I don't care if everybody does that I care if like could you read my message I get you to read it and so maybe you don't have to do that maybe you don't have to do that but I just think it's about taking an eye and like you're going to write an email to a client or someone you work with. I think taking time to really think about the formatting um matters. I also really like I think it's I think one CTA is really important. I think a lot of times when we write something we want to be like, "Okay, check out this thing and then also next week we're doing this thing and then also next week we're doing this." It's like that you you'll be way more effective if we're going to send like one email. Like the most effective email we send is like a webinar invite email and we we have our team. And it's like don't put any other links in that email. The only there's one link in that email and that is to register for webinar if that's the goal, right? Have one specific purpose. And I also still really love like the PS. I've always loved using the PS and it's like Dave PS. And I use the PS to either like reiterate something. So let's just say I told you about like I'm sending you an email because I want to pitch you on joining our community. And then I might use the PS to be like, "By the way, this week alone, 23 new members from six different countries joined." It's just a way of like it kind of breaks the pattern and it's like a way to get another message in. Um or well, this is another copyrightiting tip, but it could be or um I love using like personal anecdotes and stories in the copy to make it more readable, more believable, more authentic. So, as an example, um Allison on our team was like writing an email to send to people to our event to like let them know we were getting excited and she's excited and we'll see you soon. And we had a bunch of important updates and I was like just put like take a candid photo of like you you know she was like sitting at her desk like with her dog and a cup of coffee and like just take kind of like a candid photo of you and be like ps here I am on a cool Tuesday morning in you know North Carolina. I did yoga this morning and now I'm I'm working on this email that I had to get out and then I'm gonna go for a run with my dog later. Right. That has nothing to do with selling anything, but it's more about being like, "Oh, this came from a person. This is a real like there there's something about making it authentic." >> Tell me uh I have two of your I would say principles or sentences over here very short that I would like you to elaborate on on them a little bit a little bit more. I wanted to prepare like these kind of uh you know bags, photos, whatever it is >> but kind of uh thought of that at a at a very last moment. >> Uh okay. So here goes the first marketing is creativity in storytelling. >> Did I say that? >> Yep, you did on one podcast I think. You sure about that? >> Who did that? Who found that? Your researchers? No, that's no way I said that. >> My researchers. Yeah, you you you said that. I actually wanted to, you know, >> uh I listen to the audio myself. Yeah. >> Okay. Okay. >> I think it was on something. >> Marketing is creative in story. >> Something like that. >> Marketing is creative in storytelling. I would say it goes back to what we said earlier that I think storytelling is one of the key ingredients of successful marketing. Uh but everyone is telling stories, right? Everyone's pumping out content. Everyone's trying to say something. And so the the wedge is to like what is our what is our angle? Like the variable for success there is going to be the creativity. Can we say it in a more creat you you ever see somebody write something and it's a thought you've had for years but damn it they said it they said it in a better way. They said it more concisely. They said it in a pathier way. It's like that that's I think that's what that >> the second one branding is the last mode. >> Yeah. Branding. I would say that probably brand I think when I talk about brand sometimes it what it means in my head is not uh like the brand colors and the font and that stuff it it's like the reputation of that person or of that business oh like that's his brand that's her brand that's on brand and I think the last moat is like because I say it's the last mo because there are so many co you know there's so many copycat products today there's so much competition. And so if there are five accounting softwares that I could use for my business, I'm either going to buy like the legacy one that's always been around because if I buy that, like I'm probably not going to get fired for buying that one, right? Or I can buy if I want to take a chance, I could be like, you know what, though? Like I've been there kind of this new accounting software that I've seen and like this is really weird but the CEO has like a is really kind of quirky and like she writes really interesting stuff on LinkedIn that I kind of like her and then the the website is different and the brand is different and their tone is different and they don't feel like QuickBooks and you're like I'm going to use that and I think that it's it's the last you know it's it's one of the last uh available differentiators right why did not cite this example on a marketing podcast because everyone already has but it's That's that's why like that liquid death as an example works really well because you're literally just selling water but in a more creative and funny and interesting way. >> Yeah. Okay. Uh so tell me one of the last questions that I have for you before we wrap up. Um from one father to another father, what is the best advice you can give me to become a better father? Id say uh take your take your fitness and health really seriously because I think the ability to I think the ability to be active and to be on the go and to say yes to everything and okay they want to go do this now go go go like okay they want to play catch they want to go for a run they want to go outside they want to go to the park like I I think there's a you know I think it's very easy to kind of be lethargic and not be able to do it and so I think out of all the things that you could possibly control and there's a lot of like I could have g there's a lot of probably philosophical advice, but I'm trying to pick one that's very actionable. I think that that's one that continues to pay off for me. It's just like I'm 30 years older than him and I feel like I have more energy and and I can keep up and I think that's an important thing. >> How do you how do you win at the game called life? What is that winning for you? >> I don't know. I'll tell you I'll tell you when I when I when I get there. I think well I've spent a lot of time contemplating this. I think as you get to a certain point in your life you do. My perspective on it is I think that I think the purpose is to I see my purpose as uh building a family like replicating your your people your unit. I think we're like we're animals. We we want to be around our our unit our pack. we want to hang out with each other. And so I've kind of just simplified it down to like I think the purpose is for us to live life and enjoy life together and it's a gift and we're we're happy to be here and lucky to be here and however long that time is like the ability to hang out just just live life together is I think for me it family has given me the purpose and made the like man's search for meaning sup super clear and uh it's it's also really helped me I I think for a while I was like, is this it? Is this it? Am I going to talk about B2B marketing until I die? >> That's it. >> I love that. >> And now like I'm I'm so comfortable with that because I'm like I I love I love doing it. I love I do love marketing, but it's it's a business to me. It's a it's a means to an end to allow, you know, it's a it's an outlet to like Yeah, that's I'm not I'm not a plumber. I'm not an accountant. Turns out I'm I'm good at marketing and helping businesses with marketing. So like that's kind of where I spend my time with work so I can make money to buy food for my family. It's like the same it's like the very basic like I just try to simplify it down to that and that's been really helpful. >> I love that. I love that. Okay Dave before we go very quickly where do you see marketing in the next two three or five years? What are your insights from your own experience and all the data that you have as a founder of probably like the biggest marketing community? What do you predict? >> Yeah, I mean the obvious answer is AI. Like I think that that's super real to me. I think there's a lot of hype about it, but I do think there's a lot of hype about the internet. I think we're at the It's It's cool because this is the fir this is the first real one that I I have enough I'm old enough to have a little bit of history on it like a lot of the other trends before like we were too young and stuff but now it's like oh yeah like I I have memory I know what 1999 I wasn't working you know there's other people that working in like startups and stuff then but I think the I think the AI stuff is really I I do believe it it is going to change business is going to change sales and marketing and all those things so I think a lot is going to change I don't think those things are going to go away though in two to three to five years. I think just we humans are what what we hear in this world in the tech podcast marketing world is like the tiny sliver of like the 1% of like what's what's reality and I think most people are still slow to adopt it. Like I actually saw in somebody's email today, I saw that uh in September AOL is like um they're ripping out of they're ripping out of dialup internet from the last remaining people and there's like there's still 175,000 people that are have dialup internet somewhere. >> What? >> Yeah, it's crazy. So anyway, and who knows if that's true or not. I'm just riffing on this, right? But I think so I think overall things are going to be slower to like change. But I do think that the future of marketing is I think it's my the take I'm riffing on and kind of taking is that I think it's I think what we're getting access to is like if we were marketers in 1999 2000 and we're about to get access to like the internet and you know how digital marketing kind of like brought a new wave of stuff. I I kind of think that's that's where things are at. And but what's also interesting to pair with that though is I think that and this is not an original thought of mine but something I totally agree with and we've felt it in our business. I think that on the same side of that I think that real people things are also going to really matter a lot. And so I think you're going to like use AI to automate and run your business and ask chat GPT question. But I think like I talked about being a pack and being our family. I think we're all humans and we're wired to like want to be around each other and connect with each other. I think I heard um AC Neistat talking about how like analog is going to be huge and still be huge and it's like buying old video games and the trend among like Gen Z is buying like he's like taking photos with like disposable cameras and using filters that look like old video cameras and I think and we've seen events become such a huge thing in our business. People want to hang out and so I think I would be betting on both of those things if I could hedge it in some way. It's like real people, real connection, in-person stuff. That's going to be more that's going to be more important than ever. Also, AI is coming and it's happening and it's real. And if I was in marketing right now, I would just I would be leaning into AI as much as I can. I know there's a lot of people who who want to go against it. I think you can come up with your creative take to do it, but there's there's just so many there's so many practical use cases that are really tough to argue with. I know that a lot of people are concerned about, you know, you're going to lose your you're going to rot your brain out and you're not going to think for yourself anymore. But it's like, okay, but like I just did an hour call with a customer and like instantly after that call in Slack were like these this perfect list of notes and action items and follow-ups that like nobody had to do. And so there's just little examples like that that I think have me bullish about what it means. And if I was a marketer, I would be leaning into the stuff that you're leaning into and talking about and and you know, finding new ways to use these tools because I still think that even though we're all going to have access to these tools, like here's a good example. Everybody's making videos with like V3, right? It it turns out it's not that easy. And you still have to be funny and you still have to have a funny concept and you still have to be creative. Like you can't just write a prompt and magically like now you're funny. you you have to have you have to have a gut instinct for like okay what would be what would be a funny little ad to make for our business and but but I I think there's value in leaning in trying to figure out these these tools right now and how AI could could help in your work for sure >> I think like the biggest problem we all have with like tactics and people out there is that like like whenever they see a new tactic they think like the results are going to come you know immediately like tomorrow like that's their you know new shin tiny thing that's going to silver bullet or like whatever. But in reality, like everything is the same. Like everything works >> as long as you're like, you know, as long as you go back to the basics. And that's why I like started with these timeless principles. Like if you have a good story, if you have a good offer, if people trust you, like every everything uh that you do with basically like work in this case or or another. What you just said though is I I think people need to remember that that's not just that's not just like a marketing thing, right? That's just human. That is how people humans are. It is there's it's a reason why every every month, every year, there's a new diet out. There's a new workout system out. There's a new whatever. There's a new way to cook your food. There's a new faster way to do your laundry. There's a new f. It's just it's human nature. So, I think that a lot of people argue online about like marketing is just a new thing or this that it's like this is just people, man. This is how it's always been. We're always going to do that. We're always going to want the short we're always going to want the shortest answer. And I think it's it's important to have discussions like this where it's like, well, that's actually a lot of nuance, but here's how we'd solve this with first principles, right? >> Yep. That's great. That's great, Dave. Thank you very much once again for being on the pod. >> Thank you for having me. Good good luck with all your your fame and success that that you you have from LinkedIn. >> Thanks.
