# Content, Community, and Building a 200,000+ B2B Audience with Dave Gerhardt

**YouTube:** [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3jOSiE6l80](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3jOSiE6l80)
**Expert:** Dave Gerhardt
**Segments:** 1591

---

## Transcript

I had this idea of like, hey, I'm in Boston, the startup scene is really awesome here. Nobody has a podcast about like startups in Boston. It'd be really cool to start a podcast. My CEO was like, you should just do it. And I did it, and it was amazing, and I started a podcast. I've had a podcast now for 11 years running in some form. That has just kind of been my thing. Like, we had a podcast at Drift, I had a podcast at Privy, I had the Exit 5 podcast. Like, we've just kind of always had one, and I've used it as like the Trojan horse for creating lots of other content. And so, because I've had a large following on LinkedIn, it fuels it because we do a podcast interview, I do this podcast interview with Ross, he's an expert on SEO. We get clips from this episode, those clips drive listeners, they also drive awareness, and drive traffic back to our site. We don't have a ton of articles on the site, but I can get a transcript and the video and the recording from every podcast, and I can make a short little article on the site, even if it's not perfect for SEO. It's a way to meet other people in the industry. It's a way to like, basically use other people's voices to help grow your brand as opposed to like Dave's hot takes. Podcast was a natural start for me. Dave, excited to have you on the program. Many people listening to this, I'm sure, know you, but for those that don't, maybe some SEO people, yeah, they're founder of Exit 5, a very well-respected, high-growth, top B2B marketing community. I'm a part of it. I'm pumped, I'm excited to be in there. It's been valuable so far, so that's what made me think to invite you. And yeah, you got a great background. Crowned as a CMO at some big startups, so excited to be here, chop it up with you. Yeah, thank you, sir. We got the I figured I would if I was going to come on your podcast, I was going to dress like you, and Oh, yeah, we're branded. But yeah, no, I'm happy to happy to come on. Any opportunity to talk about Exit 5 with somebody who gets the space of, you know, content and marketing and social media today, which is, you know, you've you've built a great business over the years, and I've I've been familiar with you. So when you guys reached out I'm like yeah, I'll hang out for a little bit. Happy to chop it up with you guys. Nice. I appreciate it Dave. Yeah, I mean we're traditionally and as you know like we're SEO at the core. You I don't know you describe yourself. You probably wouldn't describe yourself as SEO. Is that fair to say? Maybe you would. I don't want to I mean my only experience with SEO people I'm going to get killed right off the bat is that they just usually give me a spreadsheet of ideas and don't do anything. So I'm no, I'm not an SEO. Well, that's some of us. actual marketer. I'm no, I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Are they're coming together a good SEO I think. Maybe it wasn't the case five years ago. No, but I mean I think SEO is one of the most important things in in marketing just because I believe so much in that. I think there used to be like content marketing as a channel of marketing and like now I think the smart people know that content is the whole game in marketing. Yeah. Like there isn't it's it's not a other channel, you know, and it's not like it was 10 years ago where like the innovative companies today have blogs and they rank for keywords. Like no, it's it's content is the game in marketing and search is a huge part of that. Um and I think that great SEOs play a important role because they're not just they're not just looking at what you know, specific it's not just about keywords. It is about understanding the whole content strategy and what I think is super exciting about content today is like content has multiple formats. It is podcast, short form, long form, events, transcripts, articles. Like there's so much that's converged that a smart SEO can use to drive traffic for the company and I think it's it's also an amazing time to be in the game because so much is changing with AI and search and It's it's a it's a good time to be here. Yeah it's it depends on who you ask in our industry, but I appreciate the optimism. But yeah, it's fun. Wait, what what what is the what is the overall like from an industry insider's standpoint, what is the tone? I mean, it's it's balanced. I'd suggest and we could link I was just referencing a Kevin Indig article specific to B2B that there's some anticipation that AI search engines will be around 30 to 35% of the overall search pie eventually. But the like apocalypse is if that's not apocalypse, the more negative sentiment is if that's not 35% and search just goes down that that's our pie shrinking as a channel. Still quite significant channel, but that's the nervousness. It's just will it be negative 2030? Yeah. Wasn't it wasn't it big news though? Like um like Google's latest update it seems like they're and this is not my wheelhouse. I'm feel like I'm talking in a different language to somebody, but um I watched a video from a guy who was excited about Google's latest, you know, Gemini update like flash or whatever it was called because their their Gemini, you know, AI is starting to like basically fold in what used to be Google search. Like is there something there that is promising or is that also a threat? I think so. It's that I and that's Kevin's take and if ChatGPT as in open AI has mentioned they would do advertisements that potentially I think to do that well would need to drive clicks potentially. So that's optimistic that normally you would probably need organic in there to get people to click ads. That's how Google's done it of course, right? So I think that's what Gemini that Gemini update likely is. Okay. Um but I not not here to have you kind of riff on SEO although I appreciate appreciate. I mean, why I thought of having you here is you're a great content creator. I mean, you're and I just saw you do a post on LinkedIn that I mentioned you're about to do articles on your own website. I don't know if you're thinking about SEO for your own website, but you seem positioned as someone who's great at content marketing, no matter how much you think about SEO to actually very strongly do good SEO because you have you're building a brand that's clearly well known and respected and all those things. So, I think the community in SEO world should hear about how you think about content creation. I mean, you have a successful podcast. You're posting what seems like pretty daily um on LinkedIn and other networks. Would love to hear about your personal workflow. Like, what does that look like in process, yeah? Yeah, so well, this is like the cool part about Exit Five being a business now is that it's essentially like the things I've been doing for probably, you know, 7 to 10 years, but um that content is now the standalone business. And so, I came up as a PR intern, marketing manager, product marketer, eventually grew grew my career into VP of marketing and CMO at a couple of, you know, smaller SaaS companies. And at the two companies that I was at, like the both companies had brands and both companies had the strong like organic presence and we did launches. Uh we drove a lot of attention through LinkedIn, through social media, through articles blogs podcasts newsletters. And we've always kind of been good at that. And over that time that I was doing marketing, I started writing on LinkedIn. This was at a time when like nobody was really writing on LinkedIn. Like, I would write a post and people would be like, you know, relax, bro. This isn't Facebook. Uh but LinkedIn has obviously changed a lot. It's not necessarily like a Rolodex anymore. It used to be like, oh, um I met Ross at a meeting for real and I'm going to send him a LinkedIn connection after the meeting and then we're connected. But now LinkedIn has just become a social network and the main focus of the social network is like business content, and so I started love my job. I started love marketing. I started love the craft of marketing. I'm sure like many people who listen to your show love the craft of SEO. They take that seriously, and that that becomes their passion. I started writing about it on LinkedIn, and I got, you know, 10,000 followers, 20,000 followers. All of a sudden, like, I've been on Twitter for a decade, and I still don't know what works there. And then I'm on LinkedIn, and I got 70,000, 100,000 followers, and it's like, "Whoa, this is crazy." And at the time I was at a I was also at a company that was doing really well, and the company became known for their marketing. I was the person leading the marketing, and so I got a lot of like, you know, brand halo from that. So, I had a podcast. People started listening to the podcast. I decided that I was going to try something new. This was in 2019, where I was going to launch paid content for marketers. I was like, "I think this is valuable. I'm a capitalist. I'm going to charge money for my content, like a subscription business." And in addition to my job as CMO, I was like, "I'm going to launch this thing on Patreon, where I share my lessons learnings and thoughts on marketing, and I'm going to charge dollars for it." And I got this idea because my wife was listening to this comedian, and the comedian had a Patreon. And so, she had her like public podcast, which is open to the world, but then like twice a week she would share episodes that were for subscribers only. And I just kind of felt like I could do that based on the response I was getting to my content. And so, I said, "I'm going to launch this thing." I changed jobs, and it was kind of a big deal for like some people that knew the companies and stuff. And I released the first episode talking about why I left the company, and it was for member it was for subscribers only. It was like the only fans of marketing, basically. Right? And it was just me talking into my phone, and me sharing like, you know, I love marketing. It's kind of like what my brain is doing all the time. And so, it's very easy for me to create content. It's like, "Oh, I saw this article today." Or here's an interesting ad, screenshot, my comments, you know. That was that was really valuable for for people. I thought I was going to have like 20 members. It'd be $10 a month. I would have, you know, 200 I I would have been happy with $500 a month like for side income and like contribute to my rent. But like really quickly, within the first 30 days, I think I had 1,000 members. And so I went from $0 to $10,000 a month in recurring like subscription revenue almost overnight. And that was the thing that just like broke broke my brain forever cuz I've been in SaaS and tech and I'm like, "Man, how many founders have been like, you know, pound their head against the wall for like years to try to get to like multi, you know, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50,000 recurring revenue?" I was getting this now through content. A couple months into that, we got 2,000 members and a one of the members messaged me and he's like, "Hey, man, it's cool listening to you rant about marketing all the time, but like there's 2,000 of us here. Like you should let us talk to each other." There you go. And like this is how this stuff happens. Like I, you know, I "You're absolutely right." And so, um my wife and I were new parents at the time and we were I went from thinking nobody used Facebook to now like I'm on Facebook 24 hours a day to figure out like what's wrong with my kid at every moment of the day. And so we're in Facebook groups. I launched a Facebook group and I just included it as a benefit of joining on Patreon. So when you join, you get a link to to a private Facebook group. You go in there. And that was again that next thing that like kind of ruined my brain forever because now I'm not posting I don't have to post all the time. And so I'm I'm like doing my thing uh during the day and I come in and I see in the community there's like five new discussions or like one thread is just like exploded. And then that was the kind of thing that led me to realize like there's something bigger here. There is a like a community of marketers and I've obviously been in online marketing for a while. I'm not the first to have a community, but it was started through me, through my brand. Obviously, people thought that was you know, they wanted to taste the the recipe that I was making. they were willing to come in. That turned into a real business and I decided to pivot it from like initially I called it Dave Gerhardt Marketing Group. My wife tells me I'm terrible at naming things, which I am. And once I realized it could be a real business, I wanted to kind of like unbundle myself from it. And so I came up with a new name called Exit Five about two and a half years ago and I launched that. And I did it for I did it by myself for about two years. And then this year I decided to really go all in on it and we have a team of five full-time employees. They're all remote. We have 5,000 members in our community. So that's the main part of it, but we also now do in-person events. We have a popular podcast. We have a newsletter. We're starting to do content. And so that's I wanted to give you that background because that is like the long-winded way of saying like that playbook is what I've done at companies where we do, you know, strong organic content and it's this amazing flywheel that you can create because I wrote a post on LinkedIn today about like everybody talks about sales and marketing alignment. Not enough people talk about product and marketing alignment and here's why. That post went nuts. Ton of engagement on that post. That's a signal for me that now this is a topic people are interested in. And so now that LinkedIn post can become a newsletter that we write to our audience, right? That newsletter is popular. That That That could be a webinar that we do in two in you know, in two months. When we have one of our events, I know that that topic now is popular and we could have a talk track on that. We did our event this year, our first event in Vermont. We had 200 people. I sourced the nine speakers for that event because I've done the podcast for two years and I just literally went and I said, "Who are the most popular podcast guests? Who could I reasonably get? Would they come to Vermont?" And I emailed them all and I said, "Hey, you're you're one of the most popular podcast guests this year. We're thinking about doing an event. Like would you want to come speak?" And they said, "Yes." And so I've just been able to create this like this flywheel through organic content where you social media to get real-time insights and feedback and signals on what people want. And then you create various forms of content from there and it becomes this flywheel. That's what I've done for marketing at companies and now it's become the whole business with Exit 5 and the niche that we're focused on is B2B marketers, but I think you could take this model and you could do it for SEOs, you could do it for plumbers, you could do it for HR, you could do it for accounting. I just have trust and credibility in the space of B2B marketing because I worked there for like 10 to 12 years and that's the business that that I'm I'm building this on top of today. Nice. So from an ideation standpoint, the kind of typical place you would go would be sales calls, form submits, all that good stuff. I think about Exit 5, I wonder I don't want to speak for you for you, but yeah, where does that I know some of it's just your experience in connecting those threads, but where is that origin coming from? mean from an ideation standpoint? Yeah, so like I'm writing a post today about product mark product plus marketing. So like what is that come from consistently? Obviously not at once. Yeah, so so I mean a lot of it is a bunch of it is driven off of my personal experience and so I would I went from PR like I worked in this industry for 10 years. Over that time of 10 years, I was went from PR intern to CMO. So my career acceleration was really fast and I saw a bunch of lessons and so a lot of it is like reflecting back on lessons that I've learned. Like anything in life, there's a 80/20 rule and it's like Yeah, the things that were relevant to me in 2011 were are still relevant to someone in their career today. So that stuff is timeless, right? But then also a thing that keeps me in the game is I've invested in advised in a bunch of startups and so I'm still like in the game with knowing what's relevant to marketers. We have 5,000 members in our community. I'm in there every single day. I know what questions are popular. I know what people are asking about and so I have my finger on the pulse of like what's relevant to them. I also have hosted a podcast like yours. I've done it for 200 episodes once a week. I talked to a CMO or like a subject matter expert in marketing and so I'm doing usually one to two episodes a week. That's two and a half hours of like one-on-one conversations where I'm not the expert. I treat my I I say I'm not in the game anymore. I'm not the expert anymore. I'm taking this from like I'm a student again where I'm interviewing these amazing people. This person is a CMO at this $100 million company. Um I had Kip who's Kip's my friend the CMO at HubSpot. We had him in our like CMO community to do a deep dive session. I was like taking notes the whole time. It's just this there's not one source. It's multiple of them. It's like you know, my career, the community, podcast guests, social media. All those things kind of make for what we're seeing with content and then now we have a team of five people and so we have somebody who manages the community. We have somebody who writes the newsletter. We're getting replies to our emails. We're seeing what's popping off in the community. We have an editorial calendar and we're kind of just always like, you know, riffing on which topics are most important and relevant to people right now. Nice. Yeah, what I what I like about your community and it kind of you made me think of just this thread of obviously talking to your customers an important part, but maybe not always you have the customers, but something's valuable for your community in particular for content creators is you're going to that in the moment place where questions are getting asked. Like I've already created social media posts around stuff I've seen on Exit Five and that was valuable for me. I've just seen people asking buyers and people I would just respect even if they're not buyers asking questions about SEO or content. That's like such an easy thread to pull on and I'm guessing you do as well, but that I don't know if you'd agree with that idea of like Yeah. seeing where people are asking Absolutely. I mean like I mean, it's a This is like SEO like smart SEO folks have been doing this forever. Right? Where it's like, "Hey, we need to create content about a particular topic. Let's go find out what people are saying about that topic online." And it might mean, you know, I used to like mine like Quora posts back in the day, right? Or like subreddits or you're you're in in-person you're at an in-person thing and you you know, you're going to a local networking event. I This is just the digital version and it's at scale, but it's like the core about what makes great marketing. It's like, do you have a deep understanding of your audience? Do you know what people want? And then can you go and create that and give it to them? And that's what the business has basically become. I don't think we'd be as good at it if it was like the cybersecurity community. It happens to be based off of an area where I've worked for a long time and have a lot of connections and that's been an an an advantage, but that is how we create content. It's no different than finding out what people want, seeing the popular topics. It's usually 80% of the stuff is going to be if someone's asking it, multiple people in the other in the community have the same question. And it just the cycle repeats. Makes sense. So, I mean, that's the forest kind of view. How about the trees? I don't know if there's anything interesting there. There's like Dave sit down every day 9:00 a.m. for an hour block. You have someone on your team that edits single every single post. Like, what does that look like? Somebody on the team that edits my LinkedIn? Yeah, maybe No, that's No, yeah. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. No way. Nope, just that's me. Uh I think you got to be careful with outsourcing that. I mean, it can Maybe if that's not your strength, but I've done it for so long. But yeah, I So So, the tree part of it is for LinkedIn specifically, I have found that I like to write there every day. Um sometimes I don't write on Saturdays and Sundays. However, I haven't seen a drop in engagement. I think you can people still check LinkedIn on Saturday and Sunday. And so the engagement still works. I found that posting once a day is the sweet spot. Typically between 7:00 and you know, 6:00 and 9:00 a.m. in the morning for me. And then I try to write one post a day because that is become like my blog. Now, if I had a different business, I probably wouldn't write there as much, but we see a deck direct correlation between like, you know, LinkedIn is the number one traffic driver for Exit Five. I have a lot of followers on LinkedIn and so that makes a huge difference, but it's the we look at self-report attribution for all of our members, sponsors, whatever. It's LinkedIn, LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn. And so the more that I write on LinkedIn, we see a correlation between traffic and email subscribers for Exit Five. And so Exit Five is the thing that I care about growing right now. And so the more impressions that I can get on LinkedIn, the more goodness that that leads back to the Exit Five funnel. And so I try to write about marketing once a day on LinkedIn. Um so that's kind of like step number one is like, all right, I'm going to write. I go back and forth between scheduling content. Recently, so scheduling is awesome because like we're humans and it's just nice to have stuff. It's nice to be like, I have a block of hours right now and I'm just going to use them to commit to writing and I'm in the zone and I'm just going to riff off posts. But I have found that scheduled posts don't perform as good. I don't know if that's a placebo I don't know if that's like a made up thing, a belief of mine. I don't know if it's because when I don't schedule posts like I'm often active on LinkedIn and then I write and LinkedIn knows that like, oh, he's really here right now. And so and so And you know, and I'm curious to hear your perspective as somebody who's obviously thought a lot about like, you know, search algorithms and stuff in the in the past, but that's one hypothesis. So, I've lately what I do is every single day I have a calendar at like 9:00 and I have just a LinkedIn spot. And I just use that as my scheduler. And so, tomorrow, so today we're recording this on a Wednesday, I have an idea of the thing I'm going to write tomorrow and it's just on my calendar in a task on my calendar at 9:00 and I have a video clip that I want to post and some copy and I'm going to sit down tomorrow like between 9:00 and 10:00 o'clock just like when I go through my inbox and I'm going to write a LinkedIn post. Um I also think LinkedIn values like engagement and so, even if you did schedule something, you need to be there. You need to like reply to comments. You need to send stuff back to people and you get so many content ideas from commenting on other people's posts. And so, so often like it's like a prompt. I'll see somebody else's post in the feed about this and, you know, this hey hey, like here's why AI sucks and, you know, AI's going to ruin us all. And I'm like, actually, I think AI is awesome. Here's why And I write a comment on that person's post and that and then you basically write they call the kids call it like ratioing on on X or whatever, right? Where now all of a sudden someone's post had 66 likes, my comment has 103 likes. Great signal. I'm going to copy and paste my comment and I'm going to take that and I'm going to save it and that's going to be a future post of mine. And what I do is I just keep a backlog. I just have app like Apple notes. I've used everything. Notion, Google Docs. Right now, I got Apple notes. I'm looking at it right now. Where I just have a LinkedIn backlog. And so, if I don't have a new post idea or if I get to LinkedIn tomorrow and I don't have a fresh idea to write, I'll dig through my backlog and see if anything like strikes me, if anything is good. A lot of times I don't even reference the backlog. I just have an idea and I just go. Or I'll write something in Exit Five and I'm like, yeah, I want to adapt that for LinkedIn. Um and so, I've just tried to make it a daily habit. I enjoy doing it. 80% of what I write about is marketing, 20% is about like some random thing about my family or or working out, but I found that the true way to grow on LinkedIn is to focus on is to become known for something. Um I've become known as like the B2B marketing guy. When I was posting about everything, working out, food, fitness, startups, VC, this and that, you don't grow. You got to pick one one particular topic. And so what's the topic that's valuable for you to be known about? Write about that topic. Do it every day. That's the best way to figure out what's going to work on LinkedIn. So you feel like a good ratio I've always been a little too much I I sometimes feel like I'm almost at 200%, but you'll go you'll add that you Are you Are you very deliberate about that? Like I've done four posts and now my fifth one is going to be personal. Probably not, I'm guessing, but No. Yeah. Uh I'm not No, but I also think like the way that you can It depends on what it is, right? And so like I've seen like PR people like ghostwrite for founders and CEOs and they try to do this and it becomes like too much where you're like every article everything from Dave is like it's either a original thought about marketing or it's like some link to an article that's like, "Did you know that 72% of CMOs think that like you you need to just talk about what you're doing?" And so like it's basically like marketing is a thing that I'm doing and so I write about what I'm doing, but it's never like this force-fed like, "Here's my hot take on marketing for today Thursday." Thursday December 19th. It's just like talk about the stuff you're working on. For me, the thing that I'm working on happens to be marketing. If you're a founder and in If you're If you're a founder and you start you have a company in the like AI space for customer service, you're probably going to write about that all the time. You want to become known for AI and customer service and there's like the kind of force-fed like takes, the corny like PR style like writing on LinkedIn. That's not what works. What works is being authentic, writing about what's happening inside of your company, lessons from meetings you're in, injecting your personality into those posts, and then occasionally there's a random post. You know, but it is Here here I post all these podcast clips from our podcast. They're like highly edited. We pay someone money to do them. Then I post like a 7-second video of me like on a hike with my wife, and that video gets 50,000 impressions and just blow blows every other piece of content away, but it is That would only happen if you didn't do if you Yeah you couldn't do it all in a row, right? It's because you do the other stuff. Yeah, but but I think you just got to you just kind of got got to look at it and and and roll with what the audience wants. I also noticed that when I write about marketing it performs better. When I wrote that post today about sale, you know, marketing and product performance, the engagement rate was great. Yeah, makes sense. That's what people have come to known, you know, that I write about, so. Yeah, on your scheduling point, I've I don't I don't know if you find this, but I mean it's probably correlation or causation, and sometimes I'm just like, I probably could schedule things. I think you're right about that part of my personal feeling sometimes is like I'm so passionate about this exact thought, I like need to get it out in the world, and maybe that's somehow because that passion is wrapped up in I need to publish this now. It's probably also a better concept, therefore it performs better. so so this is so I had this conversation with a founder friend of mine recently cuz he just like goes rogue and just like posts on LinkedIn in the middle of the day. I'm like if you're passionate about that topic though, you need like the the real way is to be patient, wait and you already posted today, so you're going to get dinged from LinkedIn. Number two, if you're already pa- if you're really passionate, just wait wait the next day. Schedule it, make it your your morning post the next day, and more people are going to see it. And so I have the same feeling too, like you just want to open your phone and like rant on something, but if you can just pause and like wait and get it in the next queue that get it in the queue for like when everything is fresh. Cuz LinkedIn also doesn't want you to post I found that it's like about once a day. You can or you got to wait 6 to 8 hours. Whereas like Twitter, you can just go bam bam bam bam bam bam bam. Yeah. So, it is better to wait. Makes sense. that that's the whole thing about why my schedule why I have this the way that it is. It's like once a day in the morning, like you're taking an Advil, you know, like you're taking athletic greens or whatever. That that works perfectly. And then then then if you if you're really passionate about something, I would tell you like write it like Ross, you should write it, but then just schedule it for the next morning when then will go out when everything is fresh, right? And then on the scheduling thing, even if even if I am right that it does limit reach, it's not like monumental. It's maybe 10% or 20%, right? And so, I'm a big believer in like life and systems and everything. And so, like is it sometimes worth like the 20% reach trade-off because it's easier mentally to like write your post and schedule it? Yes. And so, let's just schedule it and deal with it, right? Make sense. Agreed. Yeah, you know, I feel like that's a as a metaphor for being a good CEO. Like you shouldn't just jump in and then break everything in your company. Yeah, yeah, I do that all the time. Just just just you know, just dive bomb into Slack for no reason. Like why why should just wait? Why why did I not wait and just like discuss it at our team meeting tomorrow? Why did I have to drop this bomb in this way, right? Team loves me. Uh you know, so you had the anchor point of your kind of brand and posting. You you added the podcast for Exit Five. Like we probably can't create an analogy for every high-growth SaaS company, but you added podcasting, you added in-person events, you you have the community, you're now doing articles on websites. Is there a specific I'm I'm you think those are appropriate size like how how much leverage there is for your company, but I don't know if you think about that from your content stack, you specifically I mean, it's okay to say you're adding like content on-site content last deliberately and that's normally what you would do. I I for all my criticism about SEO in the beginning like I suck at SEO. So that's part of it is like it's okay, that makes sense. just not it's it's not my thing. It's not So so I had it So here's a good example like I had a podcast starting in 2014 and it was just like my true first like real side project passion project. I was working at a startup. I was a customer success manager. I started to get into podcast on my own. I had this idea of like, "Hey, I'm in Boston. The startup scene is really awesome here. Nobody has a podcast about like startups in Boston. It'd be really cool to start a podcast." And so my CEO was like, "You should just do it." And I did it and it was amazing and I started a podcast. And so I've had a podcast now for 11 years running in some form. And that has just kind of been my my thing like you know, I had a we had a podcast at Drift. I had a podcast at Privy. I had the Exit Five podcast. Like we've just kind of always had one and I've used it as like the Trojan horse for creating lots of other content. And so because I've had a large following on LinkedIn, it fuels it because we do a podcast interview. I do this podcast interview with Ross. He's an expert on SEO. We get clips from this episode. Those clips drive listeners. They also drive awareness and drive traffic back to our site. We don't have a ton of articles on the site, but I can get a transcript and the video and the recording from every podcast and I can make a short little article on the site even if it's not perfect for SEO. It's a way to meet other people in the industry. It's a way to like basically use other people's voices to help grow your brand as opposed to like Dave's hot takes. And so I've just kind of I started podcast was a natural start for me, right? And Makes sense. that that just kind of became like unintentionally the whole flywheel because it's like we do a podcast with someone, that becomes the newsletter, that becomes the social media, like just doing 1-hour podcast interview could get us all the content we need to like fuel V1 of the Exit Five content machine. Now we're at Now last we're starting to write articles on the site. Um which is funny because, you know, we have 5,000 members in this like private community and we have 10 maybe maybe get we get we get about 10,000 website visitors a month and 99.9% of them come to the website through direct search or like you know, searching for Exit Five. So we have no key We don't rank for any keywords in in B2B marketing. And so now this is a real business and we're thinking about channels to scale. We are doing things in the backwards order, which is like, "Wait a second, I actually want If you have 5,000 people in a paid community there should be 50,000 people that come to our website every month for our free content. And so like I want to make a I want our website to basically be like if there was a free version of Exit Five, it's our content on our website, and that's the vision for like what we should what we want to go do and execute now. We just haven't haven't done it. So we've we've done it last. But I think any Look at any company, any person, any startup you need just one or two core marketing channels to get going and to get initial traction. And oftentimes it is something that you have a uh a personal bias towards like this guy uh there's a guy called Vin Matano and he's um making a lot of really great videos about like he was a sales rep at Demandbase and now he's like full-blown like influencer marketing in B2B. He's probably in his early 20s, but he's been making videos since he was like 8 and 10 years old. And so he didn't he didn't decide like, "I'm going to start a video. No, he this is he's fluent in like he has no learning curve of like having to make videos. He's he's grown up doing that, right? And so, that makes sense as his channel to start. So, he doesn't have a website with article, you know, with long-form like written content. And so, just happened to be that way for us. I don't think there's a right or wrong way to do it. Just the ingredients, you know, match. If you did something again, you came up, you know, your background is SEO and and website, that's probably going to be where you're going to start to to build your not going to be like, "Yeah, the first Hey, I'm Ross. I'm starting a new company. The first channel we're going to launch is TikTok." Like that's just not what you're going to do. It doesn't make sense for you, right? Yes, that's fair. I'm not on TikTok, so. You nailed me. You nailed me. So, I mean, the community, yeah, as we mentioned is great. Hopefully, you get some sign-ups from this podcast. But I think intuitively from a content standpoint, as a lesson for some people who may consider it as a channel, you have a unique UI. I instinctively was thinking every community is on Slack now. And you have a differentiated kind of experience that I haven't seen before. I would be curious if you're comfortable sharing what tool is it, roughly what does it cost, Yeah, sure. So, well, so first um this was the whole community was on Facebook for a while. And it was great. It was going great. And there's just a loop with humans where you're in you're on your phone. Everybody tells you they don't use Facebook anymore, at least my generation. I'm 37, and so we kind of came up right around high school, college, Facebook became huge. And then nobody nobody says they use Facebook anymore. Everybody still uses it cuz they're all checking it at some point. And so, the face Facebook was great because we had this loop of like you're waiting in line at Starbucks to get a coffee. You pull out your phone, you check Exify cuz it's one of the Facebook groups that you're in. But, uh, I didn't have any of the data. I didn't have anybody's email addresses really. Uh, communication was hard. The the feed was very like ephemeral in that like there'd be one or two trending posts and that would kind of suck up all the oxygen. I wanted to build more of a content library. So, Facebook wasn't right for a lot of different reasons. And uh I made the decision to like I started shopping around trying to find I want to move this off of Facebook. So, Slack, everybody's community. Everybody does community on Slack. Well, there's a couple things people don't understand about Slack. Number one, uh the free plan of Slack is not sustainable for a community. Um because the search goes away after like the archive goes away after like some set time period. And so, one of the huge value props of having 2 years of Exit Five is you can go search for SEO in Exit Five and you can see, you know, 54 posts dating back to last year. You couldn't do that in Slack. The other thing is, Slack, you have to pay per user. So, Adds up. Obviously like it's a great business. We have high margins. I still I don't want to pay $8.25 per month per user to to have to power the community. And so, um we found this company called Circle and there's a couple other ones and a lot of people ask me like, "Why Circle versus this other thing?" And I don't know the answer cuz I didn't evaluate other companies. I wanted to move this thing off of Circle. Uh I wanted to move this thing off of Facebook. The head of customer success at Circle is this guy called Tim Fine and he's been in my network for a while and he's been hitting me up for years. Move off of Facebook. Move to Circle. Move to Circle. We'll make it easy for you. So, I finally one day just just like, "All right, can you do that? Can you make it easy for me?" And he said, "Yes." And they like did like this white glove onboarding, you know, we moved over all the content. They hooked me up with this other guy, Jordan Godbey, who runs who runs a company called Growth Community where they help people build communities. So, that's why I went with Circle was like I'm a solo I was a solopreneur at the time. This seemed like an overwhelming project like, you know, migrating websites essentially. They made it really easy and the product worked for me and they you know what I got was a white labeled product and so it's like you go to exitfive.com/join or login. You get the web app there and it's a custom designed private community. We also have a private like a dedicated mobile app and so like that that's a big piece of like replacing Facebook. You know we have the exit five app. Um and so that's the product. I think we pay I don't know 20 30 grand a year for it. Um it's not it's not cheap but like that is what you know you also pay for like HubSpot or something and it's like it's become a full marketing automation platform for our community and we have a dedicated we have we have a full-time person on the team Matt you know making a good salary and his full job is running the community like treating it like a product manager and so for a year it kind of stagnated while it was just me like posting and ghosting. Matt's in there every single day. We have so many things set up from workflows to zaps to automation to data. It's a full product. It's like a software product but there's no you know we're not writing code we're creating content and so um yeah we use Circle for that. I'm sure other things work but it just happens to be where we are. The hardest thing was we lost like 2,000 members when we moved off of Facebook like 2,000 paying members like I turned 25k of MRR. Um and that was an intentional decision. I knew that this is going to be a long-term business. I wanted to like and I'm sure you you know you've built a a great company. Sometimes you just have to make a decision that's like damn. This is going to suck in the short term but like I got to rip this band-aid and like we're finally here a year and a half later. We have a team. We've made all the revenue back. Things are going awesome. The hardest part was for 6 months you know me getting hundreds of messages from people who were so mad that we moved the community off of Facebook cuz they love Facebook. Facebook was better. There used to You could go look at it. You're in the community. You go look all time. People would post like, "Is it dead in here?" The engagement is way down compared to Facebook. And so, there was some element of like, we had to retrain. We had to think about things differently. It's not going to be the same as Facebook, because Facebook is much more of like a social media feed. I wanted to build more of like a membership, like a library. And so, yes, there is the community where you can talk to each other and you can post, but we have hundreds of videos and we do you know, live streams and AMAs and it needs to be like re- re-pitched to doing that. And so, that was more than what you asked me to answer, but man, there's so many so many lessons in there learned from from moving off of platforms, but I could also get on my soapbox about Slack. There's large communities that have been built on Slack and you're paying member of on of someone's community on Slack and you just spend half your day getting blasted with like @here, @channel. Like, none of that happens inside Exit Five. You can still message members. You can still message each other, but there's no way to like mass like ping everybody. And ultimately, the hard part about community is just becomes a place to spam people, you know. Yeah. inbound.org, growth growth hackers, all those all those communities from back in the day just ended up going to zero. Uh cuz they just become a sales channel for the members. Yeah, it's been been good signal. I haven't I don't think I've gotten a pitch yet from anybody. No, you you will. Like, we've had we've had some scenarios where um we've had to kick people out because they, you know, auto DM'd a bunch of people like upon joining. And um that stuff happens. Uh we're just we're working hard to like We have a stat We have a team and we have a We have to work hard to do it. I do think that's one of the benefits that I didn't understand. Like, I I it's a paid community because I wanted to generate revenue from it. But, I I do think a big a big value prop is that because it's paid, there are no spam. Like there's no free low-end people coming in to just like blast you with spam. It's like a gym membership in some in some in some level where like because you're paying for it, you're a little bit more committed. You have a higher expectation about what you're going to get get out of it and you're going to put in more to get to get that thing out of it. So, it's a it's a win-win. So, that's a that brings me to another question of like if we're bringing this to the B2B, I mean obviously you're a B2B company, but a typical SaaS company, have you seen them run I mean I've seen free communities run by SaaS products, but I can't think of one that's beside Yeah. Yeah, do you have any on top of mind? they can't they can't they they they can't because the the mechanics and the incentives don't work, right? And so, if you're a SaaS company, you're usually probably you're probably a venture-backed SaaS company. Most of the companies in the space are. And you wouldn't have a paid community because how would you account for that revenue? And then like error as well, probably. Right, it would be a rounding error and why would we charge for this? We don't really need the revenue from the community. Ultimately, what we want is more subscription sales of our products. And so, it doesn't make sense to charge for it. So, we make it free. But then because it's free, it just becomes like another like it's essentially just gated content and it just becomes a way to feed the you know, ultimately, even if things go really well after a year, you're in a you're in a board meeting or you're in an exec meeting and the VP of sales is like, "Wait a second. This community is going really good. Why don't we use it to nurture and like sell our product in there?" It's like, "Well, kind of what makes community great is that you're not like pushing a product and it's about genuine the people." And so, there's just like the Venn diagram of like how do we extract the value from this is really is really hard to understand. Um and then the other mistake is like a lot of times inside of a company, it's not treated like this is our business at Exit 5 and so we have a, you know, six-figure, well-paid person running the community. I've been at companies where it's like, "Oh, community, that's the intern's job." And the intern like checks in in the community every Tuesday morning and asks people like, you know, "How's it going?" And it takes, you know, you have to think about it like a true product and be a product manager and and manage at that level. So, I just I don't think a lot of the incentives line up inside of a company to structure it right. I don't think it's impossible. I think there are smart companies out there like Kip like Kip at HubSpot is an example of like I think they get it. I think they could figure it out. I think you'd have to work with a company who believed in like "Look the best marketing playbook in B2B is to be the number one resource for your customer for whatever the thing you're selling is, not because of your product, but because of like Yeah, you you sell HR software, the best marketing strategy is to become a brand that is like the number one source of knowledge and information for HR pros and you happen to sell HR software. So, if you can build a community for them with that in mind, I think it can absolutely work. Um but if you start like trying to do lead scoring and nurturing on members to try to like get them into your product, then, you know, it's not the same. Makes sense. Well uh we're we're almost at time here, Dave. I mean, before we go, I think especially for our our audience, you asked me, but I would kind of bounce it back off you. You talked to a lot of CMOs on your podcast. People are talking about content marketing and SEO in the world of AI. Um generally, like what what perception do you feel people have currently towards that? Like what's what's the thought process of theirs in a capsule Yeah, it's crazy. Um Well, I think there's a like there's a couple things, right? And so, I think it's not just AI. Like separate from AI, my perception as a market former marketing leader, I'm just a thought leader now, community manager. Is like I'm an intern. SEO I'm an intern. SEO has become harder because of how much like the proliferation of content, right? And so like 15 years ago, if you had the only B2B marketing blog, you could rank and you could just dominate and crush all the traffic there. But in any industry and any niche, there's so much content, right? And so it is much harder to to drive traffic. Consumers, this is all again, separate from AI, consumers, the searchers, search now means different things. Like so many people now are getting their information that they used to only get from the Google machine, we now get it from maybe you and me are not on it, but most people are, Tik Tok, YouTube, Instagram, X, LinkedIn. Those have all also eaten away at search, right? Because like I don't need necessarily need to go to Google and type in like what, you know, new world news. I don't need to go to that cuz I'm going to see it somewhere else. So those those are the those are the bigger the the big trends. And then you have AI coming in the picture. AI makes generating content even easier. So now there's even more competition. So like, hey, we want to rank for this term. We don't even need humans to create this content. We can just do it with AI. Then there's the other side of the conversation, which is AI is actually a becoming a search engine. So there's like five different things in there that I said, which I understand why your world is crazy. Crazy right now. Cuz it's not just that AI is a search engine. But now I'm thinking my personal life, I would say that maybe 50% of my searches now done like I am almost defaulting to chat GPT for search related questions now. Um and so I just think about that as a consumer. Like the I'm I'm not a great cook. I'm trying to get better. I'm making steaks the other night and I'm going back and forth with chat GPT about cooking this ribeye on a cast iron pan. It's amazing. It's such a better experience than like if you've ever gone to Google and you type in, you know, time and temperature for cooking salmon, you got to scroll down like 1,500 words to see the little call out box of like, oh, it's 375 for 18 minutes. Like, why couldn't, you know, chat GPT can tell me that directly? So, there's a lot that I think is going to There's a lot that I think is changing. I do think though I don't know if it's current form is going to win, but I think that like the broader thing about SEO, at least in how I how I would think about it is like earned media. And doing creating content to bring people back to your company and product, that's never going to go away. Now, how you do that is going to change, but I think it's always going to be a game of like we have a point of view, we're creating content, we want people to come back to our website, whether it's through Google, through chat GPT, through Instagram, through TikTok, through YouTube shorts. Like, I don't think that that core thing is going to change. You're always going to need to like find ways to get people to care about content. It used to be by creating articles and getting them to rank by Google rank in Google. That seems to be changing. That's the That's the bigger That's the bigger strategy. Like, that's like why Why does a C- CMO invest in SEO? Because we want inbound, organic, high-quality traffic coming to our website. Period. How you know, if there's a middle layer there, whether it's Google, chat GPT, whatever, we don't we don't necessarily care. Like, in the Exit Five example, we're playing on LinkedIn because it works, and that's where our audience is, and we have an advantage there. Yeah, makes sense. I think that's a great summary in the way you're thinking about it. Like, if we have the SEOs listening to this evolve to thinking more as like we're often saying organic growth now of similar concepts synonym to earned media. You know, if we kind of take our mindset there, I think it's definitely defensible as you mentioned. It's just going to evolve with that change. or just like, you know, there there there could be a future where like my job, like let's just use uh let's just use Exit 5 as as an example, right? You search for B2B marketing community. I want Exit 5 to show up first in that. Whether that is someone searching on YouTube, someone searching on TikTok, someone's asking ChatGPT, someone asking Google. Yeah, that's the job. Yeah. Is do you is that where you see things going? Is that like the future job? Like that that's still is the job like the SEO role is like that person owns that. Help help me make sure all of those things are true. Yeah, agreed. I mean, we're that's the new kind of day one. Noa Toa is a tool I recommend um that's up and coming. I think Hrefs and others will show of like, how do you show up on these tools? How to influence that? that tool called? Noa Toa. Um the name maybe needs some re- No, like you know something a t o a.com. We can put it in the show notes. But uh good tool for kind of identifying how you show up. AI brand monitoring. Yes. This is kind of the new thing and influencing the results is still kind of a little bit of a black box, but um yeah, I agree on the overall thesis. Well, thanks All that Yeah, yeah, go. Go. It's it's wild though. I mean, is it a stressful time or is it a fun time? Uh I mean, it depends on who you ask. We're lucky to be we're a position up market. We have a lot of big customers. We're up in 2024, 2025 is looking quite good, too. Um so, you never know, but a lot of I think you hit it on the head that a lot of the smaller players are getting washed out. It's very hard to win. And that can be it's quite painful for both agencies and smaller businesses for search as a channel. So I think that's an accurate kind of depiction that the bigger players just keep are going to keep winning. Yeah. Well, thank you for coming on Dave. This this has been great. Appreciate you taking your brand lens to search. Hopefully our audience finds it valuable. I'm sure they will. Definitely Please, if I didn't lose them in the first minute, I hope they're still here. No, they're here. Yeah, I highly recommend Exit Five. Of course, go check Dave out on LinkedIn, follow, connect with you and yeah, I think it's been great day. Thanks for coming on. Yeah, thanks man. I appreciate you having me. Good good thoughtful discussion. Thanks for being a good host.
