# How to Master LinkedIn for B2B

**YouTube:** [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrtyIdOORAs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrtyIdOORAs)
**Expert:** Finn Thormeier
**Segments:** 1731

---

## Transcript

For us, thought leadership ads are three times as as effective as all of our other ads combined. So, for every dollar in, we get three more dollars back if it's a thought leader ad. And the cool thing is you get to test it. Unlike your other ads, you're not really posting them. They're just an ad right away. Whereas thought leadership, you get to put it or out organically, see if it hits, and if it does, then you put ad budget behind it. So, it really is like the best thing I think in LinkedIn advertising right now. I think the the killer combination today is you run thought leader ads both cold and retargeting. You run conversation ads in retargeting. I think most people still haven't figured out that that's a new format. And then you use something like fibler to track the engagement on the ads. You push that to clay and then you use that to prioritize your warm outbound or signal based outbound, however you want to call it. So, I think that combination of those three things is I think a no-brainer for almost any company. Okay. Hey everybody, super excited to be back. Uh, I see a bunch of people rolling in. My name is Dave Ghart. I am the founder of Exit 5. We run the world's greatest uh B2B marketing community. Uh, I can I [music] can say that. You can just say whatever you want. And uh I'm having a blast doing it. Twice a month we do these uh live sessions. Don't you dare call them a webinar because they're not webinar. They're different. These are the these are different. We're This is more fun. We're like we're like cool webinars. I guess that's what uh and we we bring on a bunch of subject matter experts to go deep on um a topic that matters to you. And this this month, this topic is really near and dear to my heart. My favorite marketing channel of all time, social media. We're going to dive into how to think about B2B social with a specific focus on LinkedIn. I hope that you leave this session with a better understanding about what's working on LinkedIn today. How to sell the value of LinkedIn to your boss. Um how to prove that this this stuff works, what to do, and we have a great crew of people here. Uh I got a great panel. We did a prep call yesterday. We just were hanging out in the green room. It's going to be it's going to be great. Alex Alex uh is already trolling me. Cool webinar. Yeah. Uh this is a this is Yeah, Lindsay. This is the marketing this is the marketing uh festival. So um if you can if you can hear me okay right now just put in the chat uh where where you like your name uh where you're writing in from and then why like a quick liner a quick line on why did you decide to come to this like what do you want to get out of this session? What do you want to know yet? Um somebody said has it started yet? Yes it has. This is it starting. Uh somebody says is this the right link for the webinar? Yes this is although it's not a webinar. So put your name in. Um, my M Matt said, "My boss made me come." Matt, that's not true. Your boss is out. He doesn't care if you go to this. Jason's in San Monteo. Uh, Robin does a lot on LinkedIn. Always improving. Struggling with ad success. That's good. We'll talked about thought leader. We'll talk about thought leader ads. Um, love this. Okay. Uh, so today's session, I just want to give a shout out to uh, Agora Pulse for sponsoring today's session. If you lead a marketing team in social as part of your GTM, which it is for basically all of us today, um, you've probably felt this pain. You're doing social because you have to, but it's not always clear what it's actually doing for your business. Man, if I had a dollar for every time I've had to ask that answer that question. That's exactly what Agora Pulse helps with. Their platform helps you plan and publish posts, then actually track how social is supporting pipeline, brand, and demand so you can prove the impact of social to leadership and clearly see the ROI. That's the biggest thing that we're going to talk about today is how to prove the value of this stuff to leadership. We're going to talk a lot about that. And it's your job to teach them. it is, even though it can be a pain in the ass. Um, also I know that everybody here uh is on LinkedIn, at least in our world on in B2B, that's where you should be. Um, Agora Pulse is uh also excellent for LinkedIn publishing and reporting, especially employee advocacy and founder social. So, if that's part of your strategy, it makes it much easier to manage without having to use 20 different tools. Shout out to the team at Agora Pulse for sponsoring today's session. If you need more confidence that social is worth the invest in investment, you should go and check them out. All right, we got a a bunch of I'm excited to get into this session. Erin, producer Erin, you want to roll my um roll my panelists out here real quick? Dasha is first. So, Dasha, I'm going to let you I'm going to let you kick us off. Uh quick quick intro before we get things. We'll we'll we'll go Dasha, Finn, and Emerick. Okay, >> sweet. Hi everyone. Uh my name is Dasha. I am the head of marketing at a company called Proton AI. We build software for wholesale distributors. Not the sexiest industry, but it's really fun. Um, and our flagship product is a CRM uh software and we're a series A ventureback company. >> I'm on a big kick of of not sexy B to like that is the whole world. We we wrote about it last week in our newsletter. Just all the industries that are that are out there in B2B. It's it's a it's cool to connect with people. Okay, Mr. Finn. Hello. >> No, I was saying I saw that they gave you the wrong title. They they still call you CEO in here. >> I put that myself. Dan's out. Dan's out for the next month. So, I'm back. I got 30 days to change the trajectory of this company and I'm going to do it. >> There we go. Um, I'm Finn. I run a little agency called Project 33. We do executive thought leadership. So, we work with about 15 B2B SAS companies and we partner with their founder CEO executives and help them create content on LinkedIn. >> Awesome. Thanks for hanging out. >> Yeah. So, I'm Emer uh from Paris, France. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Agoropulse and we started this 14 years ago now. So it's quite a long time. Uh we're bootstrap. We took that to 25 million of annual revenue, 160 employees. And uh what we love is solving this uh why we do social question. >> The endless >> that's why we exist. >> So So we we were backstage and we were talking about this before and it seems like the the cheat code to figuring out impact on social is to have a CEO that understands how it works. But um first I want to just let let's level set. And so the reason we decided to focus on LinkedIn and and we'll we'll take all your questions. So the uh the best part about these to me is the chat. All of our panelists here, we're all going to be looking at the chat. Add in your comments, talk about what's working or not at your company. We will try to work those into our discussion. But there's also the Q&A. So if there's specific things you want to make sure we go we go back to put them in the Q&A and then we can sort those by up votes. Um and by the way, there's 330 people live online right now. So to for anyone that tells you that webinars don't work. Oh, damn it. I said call to the webinar. Uh don't work or people aren't interested, well uh I I would uh I would correct them. So um let let's let's start off with this. And this is just going to be a free-for-all. So grab grab the mic, whoever whoever feels passionate about this. But um let's talk about LinkedIn. What like why LinkedIn? What I thought LinkedIn was, this is the I know the answer obviously is a leading question, but I thought LinkedIn like I only I only use LinkedIn if I go to a meeting and uh I I I meet I meet Dasha and I connect with her after the meeting and I send her a connection request. Like um everybody comments on my post every now and like, "All right, relax, bro. This isn't Facebook." But it feels like something has changed over the last couple years on LinkedIn. I'm curious as to how you all think about it. >> Um I have a lot of thoughts on LinkedIn. I think LinkedIn has been awesome for me personally, for for our company as well. I think it is the only social media channel where the barrier to entry is pretty low. You're able to contact people specifically by where they work and what their title is. And it feels professional to scroll LinkedIn while you're at work. So, if you're send your CEO a Tik Tok of cats, he's going to be like, "Get back to work or she." Um, but if I send my CEO something helpful from LinkedIn, that's super professional and helpful. Um, and so I think that it's content that you can get away with posting throughout the day that other people are going to consume throughout the day while they're working and they're going to feel productive consuming that content. >> Yeah. I mean, I think the times of LinkedIn being the CV is long gone and it's now a social media platform. So, people share content and and pretty legit executives of pretty big companies do that too. And I think that's very cool. Um, I sometimes give the example my father, he's 60, he is head of IT at a German partly government-owned company. Uh, three years ago he four years ago he didn't have a LinkedIn account. Three years ago he created a LinkedIn account but probably locked in a month once a month. He now regularly likes my posts. So if the head of IT at a German partly government-owned company who's 60 years old is on LinkedIn, you can reach all kinds of people on LinkedIn. Emer, you you you work with a bunch of companies like you know, obviously you built you built this company and and it's been 15 years in the running. One question I always maybe I just have a hard time answering this one, but there's inevitably someone out there who's like, "Yeah, I understand what you're saying, but our customers are not on LinkedIn." Is that true? Is that a false belief? Like how do you how do you answer that? >> Yeah, I think it's a false belief in 2025, 2026. For sure. when you when you said uh LinkedIn is is the place where you go after a meeting. I I was about to say well if you live in 2015 maybe but in 2025 for sure not it's it's really for any kind of professional we used to be we are in a bubble guys you got you know that we are in tech we are in software so we we live in a bubble and and in marketing uh so for LinkedIn was everything for us even 10 years ago but it was not for the rest of the world but now it's it it has become the same thing for everybody and it like I I love your example Finn my my parents are not 60 they're 80 and my my dad likes likes my stuff on LinkedIn in. So it, you know, it's and it's not working anymore, but it it's really it's everywhere now. It's for every profession, every industry, and every type of, you know, professional need. And like Dash has said, people will go on LinkedIn to learn stuff and from their peers, from people who do the same job in different companies. So it's it's an amazing source of information and learning. >> I like this from Rachel in the chat. I usually answer that for CEOs by going to Spark Tour. And I happen to see Amanda uh who runs marketing at Spark Tour just happens to be in the webinar today. Damn it, twice in a row. Look, look, I'm such a fraud. Uh I usually answer that for CEOs by going to Spark Toro and showing them how many people are having that conversation on LinkedIn verse other social channels. I love that. Um I also like I don't know. I just Google like what's the latest like there's something like a billion registered users or hundreds of million registered users on LinkedIn and it's like the way social works is like even if your person per se is not on LinkedIn someone they know is you know there's like a connection of a connection and it's like some person that I haven't talked to in 20 years from college who work does works in a completely different industry like sees a piece of content or mine so um I think that's the first thing right is just like let's let's first accept that this is a channel um this is not uh the the social network of old and I actually I think the best way to think of it is as I like to frame this as this is the new way of doing PR and the biggest thing that's changed in the last decade I I started my career um in PR that was 15 years ago and the consolidation of media since then has been crazy pick any industry like how many how many big publications are there there's there's just not journalism has has shrunk all of the power has gone to social media this is not just in B2B this is across the world Right? There's podcast, you know podcasters Substack Twitter like LinkedIn. This is the the same is true here. So all the all the conversations are now happening here from a business as a business strategy like I want to be part of those conversations. Then you add on top of this that like LinkedIn actually happens to be the best advertising platform in B2B in particular because of what they have with thought leader ads. So you can take a post that you wrote or someone in your network wrote and actually pay to promote that which shows up as a regular post in the feed. There's just there's there's an incredible amount um of of leverage that you can have there. So, I saw this was my next question. I saw this in the chat. Okay, fine. Maybe like if you were Dave, if you were me and you started writing on 10 years ago, like everybody said, "Well, that's why you have so many followers because you just did this earlier and it was easier then, it's harder now." How do you answer that question? Like, so a um it's harder now. What What should you What should you What should you post? Like, what like who should be posting? Should it be your personal page or the company page? Should it be the CEO or the intern? Who should be Let's talk about who should be creating content and and what type of content you should be creating? >> So, definitely people uh because I think there has been data that people with profiles with the same amount of followers as a company page I think get five to 10 times more engagement something like that. I think it's kind of obvious now. Um who should post? I think about it in terms of like three vectors. One is who at your company has relevant expertise and insights for the people that you sell to. So if you sell to VPs of engineering, who in your company has relevant engineering insights and expertise that VPs of engineering would find interesting? Maybe that's your founder, maybe it's your CTO, maybe it's your CIO. Then who is close to the customer? Because if you're close to customers, you probably have relevant insights. Maybe that's your CRO, your head of customer success, your CEO hopefully. And then there's kind of like the X factor and it's like the people in your company who just have something special. Maybe they're just super funny, maybe they're super charismatic, maybe they're the icy who are well respected in the open source community because they contribute a ton there. Um, and you kind of know them when when when when someone asks you. And so I think those are the three types of people who are most suited to do it. And then they need to actually want to do this. So, >> I would add that I think anyone at the company can post and maybe should post on LinkedIn if it's something that they're that they're interested in doing. I think anyone can benefit from posting from even just an employer branding perspective. People, it might not attract your ICP, but it can attract people who care about what you're doing and get excited about this type of work that you're posting about and be the reason that they apply to work at your company. So, I think to what Finn said, of course, if you have expertise and you're trying to attract more of your ICP to buy your software, that should be the person that's posting about those topics, it will come across much more authentic and credible. But anyone can be posting and it will attract it can attract has the power to attract uh someone to come work for for your company. >> Yeah, I think people for sure. And even if you're posting for a brand or company page, make sure people show up. Like ma, make make sure you use images and videos of people. Um, so we used our social media manager. She's very visible and and if you follow our page, you're going to see her again and again and again. So eventually you will connect to her and not necessarily to the brand, but it will it will achieve both. having your C- levels or or specialists in the company do that is can be challenging because they have like you said Finn they have to have a passion for this or at least have a motivation for this otherwise they will stop pretty quickly. So they have to do they have to do content on LinkedIn or anywhere else on something that they really enjoy sharing and they're really good at and they have something to share obviously and sometimes it will not benefit the company's business in in the sense that the company's product or service but it will always benefit the company's employer you know employer brand. So for example, our CTO is is is amazing at AI and and AI infrastructure and how you build a software with AI and around AI and stuff like that and the kind of uh people we want to hire, they are interested by that. So if the goal for him in posting content on on on LinkedIn is to build an employer brand for developers, go for it. Like I don't care. It does not talk to our customers, but I'm very happy that we get engineers applying for jobs in in buckets because it's visible. So, it it you will have to find the the connected tissue between what he what they enjoy and what's going to be the benefit for the business. And it's not always going to be sell. I think I think like what what you're all circling around is like I think the thing that drives me nuts is then when we instantly if we think about being on LinkedIn as a company the instant reaction is like well how is it going to drive sales? How are we going to measure sales? When in the reality of it is like LinkedIn is more of a PR and reputation and awareness channel that if you do it right you will get sales from that stuff over time. But the but what absolutely does not work on LinkedIn is if you just only posted about your company promo promo promo promo promo like I see it in my own stuff that I've done this for a long time now but I see it some I love my job and I get fired up and like I just realized like oh shoot the last three days in a row I like promoted something for exit 5 and my engagement went down >> actually today I screenshotted this I sent it to our team posted something that was what did you write today? What was your post? Oh yes, the Google Drive thing dude. >> Yeah, I said, "Am I perfect?" No. But do I always remember to move stuff out of my personal Google Drive into the shared marketing drive? Also, no. >> Right. Just like a little like witty one. I'm sure you just I'm sure that wasn't planned or you thought about it and you just fired it off and it's like crafted it for 3 hours, >> right? But the this is social media and so it's like it's it's literally that it's like let's let's be funny, let's be relatable, let's share stuff. And then now when she has something to say about work, she actually has an audience there. And so I think you need to get away and and in the in the um Agora Pulse example, like sure your your CTO is not writing to your um your customers, but I'd actually argue that there are some points in that bucket that that CTO is contributing to because to have someone out there like being perceived as a thought leader around AI, like at least in my head, increases the credibility of the company and it's harder to like measure that directly. And so I think I think you need to think about it's like why are we doing this? If we're doing this because we need to generate, you know, 10 more sales meetings this month than we did last week that last month, then I would say like probably posting on LinkedIn is not the approach that I would I would take there. But if we're willing to do this for months, and maybe Finn, you can elaborate on this because I I saw you write something about like, you know, uh how long people work with you, right? It could be three months, six months. It's so obvious that if you can commit more time and don't really care about the short-term results that you will get better uh you will get better results from this. But can you help me make the point that I'm trying to make about like how this this does take time. It's not going to be two weeks into this and you're getting new leads. Like how do you how do you help um people think through that? >> I mean what I tell people is there the when they work with us, you know, 3 to 6 months or whatever to see if it's a fit for us, but if you need to decide whether you want to do this, like it needs to be at least 12 months in your head. >> So that's how I think about I think who was the guy um who who ran Clickfunnels? >> Uh Bronson. >> He he wrote this book and and I and he he basically wrote about podcast and he said don't ask me about how to grow your podcast. Do one episode a day for 365 days and then talk to me again. And I think there's just a lot of truth in that. >> Um this is great in the in the chat. Caitlyn says, "Dave, I disagree with you. Content has different goals depending on where it is in the funnel. your bottomfunnel content will get less engagement because you're talking to a very specific ICP who's ready to buy. Where I'm 100% in agreement is that people don't want to be sold to all the time. Um to totally fair on the on the disagreement point. I guess I guess what I'm saying is like 100% of your content shouldn't be about like the company or you trying to promote something, but I will agree on the bottom of the funnel content. There's a lot of times I'll do something like I will um promote an offer of ours or something or or I'll link to our newsletter cuz I want to get more subscribers on the newsletter and that post will have, you know, 30 likes and like three comments, which for my page is is terrible. But then I'll go into HubSpot and I'll see we generated 300 new contacts that day. And so there's like this other thing where like engagement engagement is important, but engagement does not always correlate to like the result. Today um I did a post about this um this this CMO group that we have and it the only people that commented on were AI people which by the way my hack is I take that comment and then I ask my chat GBT to write the most absurd comment back to them from AI and then I post it back. Uh but I got like five DMs from from legitimate CMOs who saw that post. And so there's this kind of like this is why so much of the I know like traditional demand genen people hate this but so much of this LinkedIn thing it is it is a feeling >> and [snorts] we talked about behind the scenes when you have the the sea level folks involved >> and they get it it makes it easier because it is a feeling when I worked at Drift as an example we used to have a running joke in our company which we would say how are we ever going to measure what we're doing on LinkedIn because the reason why we joked is because people would literally tell us all the time from from, you know, uh, Fortune 500 companies to to new employees to investors to advisers, people will DM you and they will tell you. And I think something you all mentioned behind the scenes as far as like something to help track the effectiveness of this is you all suggest having this self-reported um, attribution in here as being a key piece to LinkedIn, right? >> Yeah, I think 100%. and and you just need to have the right mindset because I don't know, I've been doing my podcast for two years and I've probably seen two or three people over that time mention podcast as self-reported attribution. Um, LinkedIn shows up all the time, but I'm 100% convinced that my podcast is super super helpful. Um, it's just, you know, doesn't show up in self-reported that much. Can we talk about um we we can come back to measurement if there are questions on it in a bit, but can we talk about like more specifically what to write because I hear you. You've all kind of said like you know anyone can write and and I I believe that it's just hard to go from like zero to one. Where would you actually start here? Like and let's say we want to invest in this channel, we want to start creating content. If you could only pick one person inside the company to do this, what what would your strategy be? What would you write about? And how would you do it? >> For us, we sell to, like I said, we our ICP is the CEO of a wholesale distribution company. So, we pick the person that has the most expertise in distribution. That is our CEO. If it was someone else, we would have picked them. Um, so we just pick the person that has the most relatability to the people that we're trying to target. And the way we thought about what to post is what are insights that if you're so heads down in your own company, you might be missing that a CEO would have just because they're having way more conversations week over week, right? Like our CEO probably speaks to 20 leaders per week. Um, and they're all kind of saying the same thing. And he has the value of being able to kind of distill those insights, package them up, and then share those out on on LinkedIn. Um and so that is how we share his thought leadership. Over time we as we see people engage and we see people mention this resonated with me, this is relatable, I learned something from this, we've grown more comfortable taking some creative liberties. Uh and so now whenever we have something to share, our CEO is naturally a funny person. So, we've leaned into that, which I don't think on day one when I joined the company, if I said, "Benj, tomorrow you're going to start posting funny bits on LinkedIn," he would have said, "Absolutely, let's do it." But as you build more credibility and as your CEO starts to see or your executive starts to see the vibe of it all or anecdotal evidence that it's working, you do, I feel, get more trust and someone is more open to hearing your ideas. So like one of our most successful posts was we were launching this product uh soft launching it. We heard from prospects on calls that seeing this product was like a magic trick and it was right around Halloween. So we had the idea as a marketing team to dress up our CEO as a magician and do a literal magic trick on LinkedIn. And it's our top post and I was thinking about that today knowing that we'd be talking about LinkedIn today. Like I don't think I would have pitched that idea on day one, but because he was so bought in when I said, "Hey, we're going to be Amazoning you this this costume." He was like, "Ugh, okay, let's do it." And he and he's game to do stuff like that because he knows it's working because he's the one getting the DMs. That's the other thing I would say on like reporting is if your CEO or your executive is the one getting DM'd about stuff that they've posted, they will feel it and the pressure will be less on you as the marketer to prove that it's working. They will just feel that it's working. >> The advice I give to everyone who is asking this question is first of all they should be using LinkedIn themselves and consuming LinkedIn at least so they understand the ecosystem. And I tell them for for an entire month go on LinkedIn every day and every time you see something you really like you want to click on it. you want to share, you want to comment, you want to you want to uh save it, write down what it is, what it is about and and what's the angle, what's the topic, what's the angle, what's the tone, like what what is that post? Is it someone telling a story about their their journey? Is it someone sharing something they learned with you? Is it someone sharing a new product lounge? Is it someone what is what is it? And write all these things down that you enjoy consuming because if you enjoy consuming those pieces, you know, probably is probably the the case for everybody. I think that's that's such an underrated piece of this is like I think so often in marketing we I see this all the time with people asking about like influencers. They're like, "Hey, is there like a magic database that tells influencer that tells me who the influencers are in my industry?" And it's like, "No, really what what it takes to be at the top, you know, 25 or 10% of your of your industry is is like you have to have taste." Like there's so much of that in marketing that matters. And so I love that as like, oh yeah, like that's so obvious, but how much of us are actually doing that? like let's take a month, let's become really in tune with what content is working on LinkedIn and then let's form opinions on like what might work what might work for us. You're going to see a different company in a different industry but you can take inspiration from that. Emer I love that as a suggestion like as almost like a a timeless principle in marketing right? >> That's what you ask your salespeople to do. Listen well do the same thing with your marketing. Listen before you start speaking. Can I can I also just say like I think one thing that we get caught up in is like this channel to post here is free. And if you post something and it flops, like awesome. You just get to go again. It's not like you bought a humongous billboard in the middle of Times Square and everyone hated your ad and they're just going to like hate it forever. Like it is going to take lots and lots of of reps e even and and the social media algorithms are just these kind of finicky beasts. I I will sometimes be like, "Oh, this this is going to be a smash." And then I'm like, "Damn it." Like, "What happened?" Like, I don't know, maybe there was some other news that day. Maybe I I put the wrong thing in it. It just happens. And so, so much of this is is just volume. And I think one of the best things you can do is have an endless fountain of ideas. I just want to I want to put a wrapper on on this for for a bunch of people in the chat. If you could only pick one area to start, I think especially in B2B, I think the best thing to do is to be seen as the expert or a source of knowledge for your customers. Help them get smarter about your industry. Help them get smarter about your job. Um, there's this guy Grant Lee who's the founder of Gamma. They're like a AI, you know, presentation and social media app. He doesn't just talk about GA uh Gamma, he talks about broader trend because they're an AI company. and he's talking about broader trends about AI and what they're doing and what they're learning and how they're building a smaller company and that that really works well if and then this is why I wrote this book founder brand a couple years ago was that the idea was like look what wins is knowledge and expertise you can also be funny you can also be entertaining you can also you know add humor to that but what wins I think especially in B2B is like having expertise learning from something the original example of this for me was HubSpot they taught me how to like do marketing and I became a fanboy of them forever. And so typically inside of the company, it's usually the CEO or the founder. You know, you started the company because you have deep expertise in this industry. You didn't just wake up one day and said, you know what, I want to get really rich and so I'm going to start a really niche like cyber security company. It's like no, you that that person probably like she had some experience like she worked at this company for 20 years prior to that and then that led her to start this. My whole point in the book was like that is what makes the best content for social media. And so if I could only pick one, I love the idea of like having other people in the company be be, you know, advocates for our brand, but I want to lead with expertise and I want to work backwards from like what's it valuable for us to be known about and then who's going to be the spokesperson. Almost always the spokesperson at the company is going to be the C the CEO or one of the founders and so like let's work with that. Any any of you have strong opinions? This is a question in the in the chat that got a bunch of reactions from Dana. Building on my point there like thoughts about ghost writing for the seauite if they're not keen on creating content themselves. >> I mean that's my whole business. So uh we do it. I don't think it's for everyone. I see these opinions someone sometimes on LinkedIn that no one should do ghost writing. And I mean I think the best case scenario is your executive your founder your CEO is as great as at writing and they can do it themselves then that's the absolute best. I don't think it's always the case. And so sometimes people get help and I think you do need their insight. You can't just like have someone write something and just put words into their mouth. So the way that we do it is we interview the founder or the CEO and we ask them questions kind of like they go on a podcast and then from that we create content and then obviously they make the edits or whatever. So is that the best case scenario? No. Is it better than your CEO never posting anything? Yes. So, >> so to what Finn said, I think like anyone um if you're doing the interview format, one cool AI use case is you can train a chat GPT to write like your CEO based on emails that your CEO has written. You don't need like a big bank of past LinkedIn posts. Even just take any writing, their Slack messages, their emails to you, train a chat GBT on it, and then you can work with the transcript of that interview and create posts that sound like your CEO. They will still require edits. It's not like a magic solution or a silver bullet by any stretch, but it it is helpful and you're going to present if you are presenting some drafts to your CEO, they're going to sound, you know, 70% more like your CEO than had you just like like what Finn said, like put words in their mouth based on that interview. >> If the CEO loves writing and creating content for social, obviously that's amazing. If they don't, then definitely what Finn does is is very helpful. like you said, better doing that than nothing for sure. Like 100%. [snorts] Uh AI is definitely going to change the game. I I can feel that. I I I've already cloned my voice on 11 Labs and I can see me speaking on social without being having me speaking on social very soon. Not not not convinced by Hey Jane and the avatar stuff yet, but it will be there at some point. So, but you will >> is actually not here. >> This is the not here. It's my It's my avatar and I I have weird movement. Um but you will like like Dasha said, she's absolutely right. You will have to feed the beast with with you. So you would have to give them my tone, my brain, my knowledge, my my story, my journey, like my book, my whatever you have that's that's making you you is going to feed that. So even even if AI takes over those kind or helps or support that, it's still going to be AI being you instead of you. So you can do more stuff or other stuff instead. So I I still think that you you'll have to inject that personality and that DNA into >> look marketers have been ghost this has been been part of the job forever. Marketers have been ghostwriting you know like I said my first job was in PR. A big part of my job was like ghostwriting these contributed columns for like Inc. Inc. magazine and entrepreneur and Forbes and you know that whole industry was was massive and it's gone away now because now we have social media. >> I think ghostriting is totally possible. I think that the challenge though is so much of the value and we're we were going to hit on this later so I'll mention it now. I think that so much of the ROI for for LinkedIn and social media is not in the direct sales but it's in the engagement and the nuggets and the knowledge and like the little the little like pieces of nuance that you can pick up. And so there there's got to be some like feedback loop there where so much happens in the comments. And also commenting on on your posts, replying to comments on your posts and commenting on other people's posts is a huge part to getting engagement and growing your following. And I also love comments. Comments are the best prompt, right? And so if it's like, hey, I don't I don't know what to write. I'm just going to read other people's stuff. And I treat it as a prompt and I see, you know, someone write something and then I write my comment on there and that comment kind of pops off a little bit. I'm gonna I copy that comment. I put it in a doc that I have and then like next next week when I go and work on my LinkedIn content, I sit down and I write the like 500word version of that like threeline comment that I left on someone's post. Um, I think that that part matters. I think it really does matter though that you are interviewing someone and digging into that unique point of view because someone someone earlier was like, "Yeah, I'm looking for examples, but like nothing is good to me. Nothing inspires me." It's like, okay, well, let then make your own like let's make your own version of this at some point, right? There there are no one right now needs more podcasts and need or needs more YouTube channels, but there are new YouTube channels that didn't that haven't launched yet and in two years are going to be, you know, massively successful. And so I think there is an opportunity, but I I also feel like if you're treating this as a marketing channel, like a bit of this I I hate to tell you this, but a bit of this is a game. It's like, but do you want to play the game to drive meaningful revenue and impact for your customers? It's no different than getting a speaking slot in an event and you have to adhere to like their format and their topic and their rules. Like part of this is trying to figure out a way to boost to boost revenue. And so there's a question um uh earlier where if I can try to scroll back to this for a second >> just on the commenting I think automating comments which a lot of people do now is one of the worst decisions that you can make. Not just because it's against terms of servers and can get your account banned. But I think you're not just not building relationships. You're probably building negative relationships because you can just tell when it's like an AI written comment and >> it's not good. >> I like to use comments. So I actually do this like I use comments to just be the most like funny and real version of my I mean Finn, you see the nonsense that I comment on some of your stuff sometimes. It's like I actually think that's a perfect opportunity to like take something that I wrote that may have been serious about something about marketing and then that's like oh that's actually me like I'm just waiting I'm like in my house making a coffee and I'm just like being silly in the LinkedIn comments and I I think that that work you know that that matters for something. >> I think just just because some people ask for it sorry am I think what I've heard some people say the best way to get started if you're an executive founder etc is to just start with commenting before you start posting. So a lot of people I know who are not quite active, they just spend dipping their toes into it by just commenting on five posts every day for two or three months and and only then putting their own first post out. >> Yeah, I think if you have the right tool, shameless plug alert. Um commenting managing comments is easy. So >> Dave, did you find the comment the the question you wanted to find? >> No, I got distracted because Amanda said, "I sometimes comment nonsense on Dave's page, but I kind of worry that he thinks I'm cyberbullying him. [laughter] It just that that's okay. I I was reading some the other day because I I wrote this post the other day about like how the CMO should be the top the best storyteller at your company. And it's funny because once you hit the tipping point in a post, there's then people who like get really really mad at you. >> Yes. >> And I'm like reading some of these comments to my wife and she's like, "Why are what's up with you? What's up with you and these marketers? Like why do people get so mad?" >> And and I was thinking about it. It's like people, you have to be will, you have to be okay with this because people will project their views of who they think you are. Like they want to read, they they want to read this post of me, this angry little bald man sitting in his office just roasting marketers. And I'm like, that's not what I meant at all. I'm just like, let's let's bring storytelling back to marketing. >> People also don't read posts anymore. Do you get comments where people push back on a point that you didn't even make >> because they just read the hook or something and then they >> like project their opinion onto that and they react to that even though you didn't even say anything about that. >> Yeah. All right. There's there's a the chat is the chat is really good. There's a there's a lot of there's a lot of pieces in here. Um let's talk about like where do where do LinkedIn ads fit fit in this? because I think a really interesting develop development that's like a a peanut butter and jelly to this here is the development of LinkedIn thought leader ads as part of the social media strategy strategy. So curious if anyone can share their opinions on that. >> No, no, I I thought leadership ad are absolutely amazing. Everybody should should do them. They're they're they're groundbreaking. Uh so yeah, I I you know I I think among all the ads you can do on LinkedIn, this one's probably top of the list. >> Yeah, we run thought leader ads. I think to your point, Dave, about LinkedIn content being free, it's also a testing ground for what is resonating organically. When we have a post that does really well organically, we boost it and we make it a thought leader ads um a thought leader ad. And we use a tool, I know someone in the chat was asking or said that they're here to learn about different tools. We use a tool called Fibler, not sponsored, um to see influence of LinkedIn uh on pip on pipeline on the deals that get created in HubSpot. And it shows organically what's being influenced as well as paid ads that are uh influencing pipeline through LinkedIn. Um and again, in preparing for this, I was just looking at the comparison of thought leader ads versus all the other types of LinkedIn ads that we run. And for us, thought leadership ads are three times as as effective as all of our other ads combined. So for every dollar in, we get three more dollars back if it's a thought leader ad. And the cool thing is you get to test it. Unlike your other ads, you're not really posting them. They're just an ad right away. Whereas thought leadership, you get to put it or out organically, see if it hits, and if it does, then you put ad budget behind it. So it really is like the best thing I think in LinkedIn advertising right now. I think the the killer combination today is you run thought leader ads both cold and retargeting. You run conversation ads in retargeting. I think most people still haven't figured out that that's a new format. Um and then you use something like fibler to track the engagement on the ads. You push that to clay and then you use that to prioritize your warm outbound or signal based outbound, however you want to call it. Right. So, I think that those that combination of those three things is I think a no-brainer for almost any company. >> Can we just talk about the mechanics of why this ad unit works so well? One of the things that >> look Yeah, it looks like a person. It doesn't look like an >> text. It doesn't look like an ad. Oh my god. This is what drives me insane. I don't think I'm that good or smart at marketing. I just like try to use my brain sometimes and I'm like, all of our guys, all of our ads look like ads. Yeah. >> And and this one looks like a some someone's post you're you're basically being tricked into well then you see it's sponsored but that's not what you see. >> But if the content is good and look I heard Gary Vee talk about this and I think it's a great great line. It's like in the world that we live in today >> and this is to all the people who like love brand love social love content. This is where we this is where we fit in in like the demand and revenue machine because of social media today. You should basically never run ads, you should never put money behind ads that you haven't tested organically first, right? And so that means like before we go and hire the video company and we're going to spend 70 grand and we're going to make these funny video ads, have we even like tested the lines? And like are we even sure these are funny yet? And I'll this is an easy example because of my job in my industry, but I'll just give you an example. I started saying years ago, I started saying this line all the time. Like it was on a webinar and I treat it like bits. like if I say something and I see a reaction to it, I kind of write it down. I use it later. And I said, you know, life is too short to work for a CEO who doesn't get marketing. And that like popped off. And then like I wrote that as just a text post on LinkedIn and that popped off. And then I had this idea of like, oh, if we made this into like a funny video skit, like it was going to pop off. And I've never made any good video ads. I hired this um Danielle Diamond who made this video for me back a couple years ago. And it was almost like I knew I almost could guarantee that the video was going to work because we already got that reaction. And yet so many times we go and we make these ads that a look like ads or b we've never tested them. That's what's so amazing about LinkedIn is we just did this I wrote I wrote a post this morning that is a is a post promoting this like CMO community that we have. And I sent into Jess who's our head of marketing and I said hey this post would be a great ad and she has it now set up to like be a promoted post in January and we're going to update the we do this all the time. We look at high performing posts. We we you can edit the posts. So we edit them. We change the link. we put a tracking URL on it and then we boost them and it's it's an incredible ad unit and yeah, sure um LinkedIn is throttling your organic reach because they want you to pay to to reach it. But I it's the best ad unit going right now because exactly what Emerick said, it doesn't doesn't look like an ad. I think the only problem with that advice is that often times it gets applied naively where I think previously you said that sometimes the posts where you promote something get 30 likes and three comments which is horrible organic engagement but they actually generate contacts. So that's a great signal that it could work as an ad while obviously if you just look at the likes you're like that's a horrible com horrible post. >> Yes, dark this is this is dark social. Um let me let me kick it back to you all. any anything scroll like if you scroll through the chat, anything like stick out to you that you that you really want to like grab grab the mic and and answer? >> There's a question from Sam about approaching like who's actually doing the commenting on other posts, should it be the company account or should it be someone at your company? I kind of find it like as someone who gets some comments on my stuff from company accounts. I feel like those are like faceless. I don't really know who's engaging with me. I don't find that the same way like if Dave comments on my stuff, I know it's Dave. It builds like affinity for Dave. when some when a company comments on my stuff, I don't it doesn't really feel like anything. Um, and so I would recommend like only really engaging with other people from your personal account or your CEO's account. Um, you can have like our content marketing manager Katie uh has access to our CEO's account. Again, maybe not a day one thing, but as that trust gets built, if there are people close to the CEO that are doing some ghost writing, some publishing on their behalf, um, they can be responsible for doing some of the commenting. But I think it's way better to comment um as a human versus your company. Unless you're like a Wendy's, but that's >> Yeah. Like give yourself a character. I've always thought like we should create like a charact we could create a character for for exit 5 and it should be like 5y or something. I don't know. >> If you have a mascot, it's cute. And I I' would argue that that that works. Like Vector has their Ghosty and sometimes Ghosty comments on my stuff. I think of ghosty as like a person and so it's a little different. >> Fib has one too, right? >> Yeah. Fibbler's got their lion. Yeah, mascots are like the hot thing in B2B right now. Kind of wish our company had a mascot. >> I wouldn't be black and white like this. I I do believe that there's a place for a brand to comment on stuff. Uh first of all, it makes the brand recognized as the brand engages, which is good because if it's if I go and engage with someone on on LinkedIn and they don't know who I am, what good does that do to me? But they will immediately see my brand, right? So if if you can be associated to the brand, why not? But if you cannot then it may make sense for the brand to engage and if you have defined a tone a personality for that brand then it will become something that people recognize as well. So I I I'd say there are places for where the CEOs the founders and the sea levels should be engaging because it makes more sense and it's human engaging with humans but but but there are many many instances where it's okay for the brand to engage. It's actually it's actually a good idea. I think another another thing that that I didn't mention earlier, but I think part of what it takes to be successful on a channel like LinkedIn is basically like re rewiring your brain to think about everything could be social media content. Like if I could be a marketing intern and I could shadow Emer, I could shadow the CEO of Agoropuls and if I could shadow him for a week, I bet I could point out 25 different opportunities that maybe he he in the thick of running the business like didn't see that could be great great content for LinkedIn >> because like so much of the time from the CEO and founder is spent presenting internally, talking to investors, talking to adviserss, all hands, meetings, sending notes, having a point of view. It's like how can we switch our brain on I do this with our team in Slack right now like someone will say something and I'll like comment I'll be like oh this would be an amazing post for LinkedIn and so if you want to like if you want your company to get in the mix here I think you have to be the steward and like advocate for this channel and something I did early in my career that didn't help me was if someone didn't nobody understands the value of this like no nobody you know this is never going to work when it's like if you haven't realized now part of a a huge part of the job in marketing is to understand the craft of marketing and then be able to t to tell the rest of the company about how marketing should work. They don't all get it. The same way I have no idea. I'm like why don't the engineers just like add this feature that I want. It's like just not not that easy. That's not how it works. Like you can't just snap your fingers. And so I would like take something like today's session, do a bunch of your own research, develop a point of view on this, then come back to the team and say, "Hey, here's why I think heading into 20 26 I want to like I want us to have a presence and be active on LinkedIn. Here's why. Here's what that means. Here's how we're going to measure success and develop your point of view on it." I think if you go into this and you're like not sharing any of that detail, those details with anybody, you're you're just going to set yourself up for for failure. the digital version of that. I recently talked to Casey Jenkins, who's now running marketing at Claude Code. Um, she had access to her CEO's Granola, which is like a meeting recorder, whatever, Fathom, many of them out there. And she would feed all of his calls into chat GPT, and then basically ask it for patterns. And anytime her CEO would like repeat the same story multiple times or make the same point to customers on a sales call, that was her signal that this is something meaningful and important and then basically use that to draft a post for her CEO and then get that out there. I think s having a process and a workflow for sourcing ids and and and and content topics is a musto because otherwise it becomes very quickly overwhelming if you have to if you have to make IDs come to you at the wrong moment like oh I need an ID now [ __ ] I don't have an ID now I had an ID last night I had an ID yet you know what I mean so >> I have a a Google task list uh on my Google task uh system where it's content ids and every time something pops up and it's five times a day I say Oh, that that could be a cool a cool one. Like right now I'm like thinking I should do a webinar for us about this whole LinkedIn thing because I I barely said 10% of what I wanted to say and there's so much I could say. >> That's how I feel. I'm going to explode over here. I'm like I could go for hours. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> So I'm I'm writing that down and I I very I encourage very much everybody to do the same because you have ideas all the time but if you don't if you don't take them in in a system when they come to your mind they go away. Yes, I think that that having that like filing cabinet has been so big. Also, something we didn't mention there there's there's not a perfect science to this. I'm just going to give you my opinion. I've seen a bunch of there are a bunch of people who post on LinkedIn and like share a bunch of data about the LinkedIn algorithm. Um I found that unlike unlike say Twitter for example where you could just post a thousand times a day into the abyss, the sweet spot seems to be posting once a day on LinkedIn um typically in the morning. Doesn't mean it can't work later, but I I just have found like six to nine am is the best time for me. And I'd write one post a day. If I was gonna post again, it would need to be like six to eight hours later, but I've often found that that post doesn't have as much reach. And so, you can only post once a day. So, let's like when we have those ideas, don't just open your phone and or like don't just expect the CEO to go post it. Like, let's really let's really like make a content plan and let's map out a bunch of these ideas. Hey, if there's seven days in the week, like is it reasonable for us to start posting, I don't know, three of those days? Like, seems pretty reasonable. And could maybe two of those posts a week be about thought leadership or some like point of view on your industry that matters to your customers and maybe one of them is more of more personal. And it doesn't have to be like, you know, your your CEO like, you know, skiing or something, but it could be like an old photo, a quote, a book that they're reading, a lesson that they learned, a story that has nothing to do with with what you're trying to sell. I think it can be that simple to to get started. >> We have a Slack channel called Stuff Customers Say that everyone in the company has access to, and people post Slack messages in there all the time with like customer did this, really cool, or like customer just said this. you won't believe the number of like posts that ended up on our CEO's page that were inspired by just something that someone posted and stuff customers say. Um, so I think like the ideas can really come from from anywhere in the company and they don't have to be salesy, but for us that's a huge source of inspiration is just giving everyone access to share what's happening with our customers. >> And like this is crazy. I've been doing this LinkedIn stuff for a while. We have the tools now like every call every call has 15 meeting recorders on it now, right? And like all those things can be I I have a I have um a a chat I have a custom GPT that I have where I exported all of my LinkedIn posts, sorted by the most popular ones. I said, "Hey, these are like the 25 best posts ever." Then I did a bunch of research on like what good hooks look like and other people's stuff and I wrote instructions on that. I don't ever like take this and write it verbatim because something I love the AI stuff but something is still off. It's never it's never good enough for me to like copy and paste. It still feels like I didn't write it. But it helps me go from zero to one. And so like just being able to build that like taking the transcript from this today like there's your play Emer is like give this to the team and be like hey there's a hundred content ideas or like let's export all the questions out of here. It's table stakes for you know Fathom or Gong or Granola. like that is a huge advantage to have those conversations. Even now we'll be on team meetings and we will like I'll like hold on I want to just re say that again because I know that we're recording this and then I know that like our content team can then grab that and we can we can take something out of it. So um I'm going to give you each let's Erin Erin if you're listening in a second we're going to roll the poll because we measure everything. We're we're I'm a huge data guy here at Exit 5. Wink and a nod. Um, we're gonna we're gonna do a poll in a second, but I just want to go let's go Emerick, Finn, um, Dasha, and just let's give me a give me a closing thought. I'll give you a chance to grab the mic and and and leave a >> Okay. One thing uh, one thing I wanted to share earlier, I want to share a contrarian um, opinion to what Finn said earlier. >> Just because he disagreed with you in our prep call yesterday, you got >> is German, I'm French, and we got a fight. Um uh you know you guys said it it's taking 12 months taking a year it's long term it's three years then it's it's a longterm thing I it's true there's a lot of stuff that's going to happen in marketing not not only in social media in marketing in general that's long term like you don't build a brand in a quarter you don't build a business in in a year you know all things take time but if you don't have a short-term thing a short-term satisfaction for the people who are doing it or paying for it or promoting it or supporting then it you take the risk of of giving up or or you know shutting down the budget or shutting down the the job or the person. So I think it's really important that you think long-term and short term like you had to have short ter short-term goals. So if you like take my CTO example, if you take the CTO example, say, okay, we'll take the CTO content and we'll use it to promote to specific candidates that we're targeting on LinkedIn because we do target people on LinkedIn. That's where you hire most people and you're going to use we're going to use that content to put on our career page where hey, you want to work at our company as an engineer? Here's what our CTO says and that you can maybe it's inspiring, maybe maybe you can learn something. So basically, do take what you do on social and make it a short-term gain. So at least there's that motivation that doesn't dry up too too fast and it doesn't have to wait for 12 months before you're happy about what you're doing. That would be my my contrarian point of view. >> I agree. Um I I I think I mean I I spend so much time on LinkedIn and I talked to so many people honestly. I posted this recently and it resonated with people. Everything so many people throwing out so many best practices of like you got to use video, you got to do carousel, so you got to maximum post once a day. What Dave said here and I've I've I've honestly seen it all. I see people who crush with text only. I see people who crush with video, who crush with carousel. I know people who crush posting three times a day. I know people who crush posting twice a day uh twice a week. Clay people say like maximum three minute long videos on LinkedIn. Clay recently started doing these videos with their founder and they're like 11 minutes long and they absolutely crush. So everything works on LinkedIn. I think you got to just kind of try to be helpful. Show up every day. Engage with others. Lean into your whatever unique strength. Maybe you're super funny. Maybe you're super good on video. Maybe you're very dry, but you can like break down a complex topic in great detail. like lean into that and then anything could work. >> I think my parting words are for the marketer who's considering asking or pushing for their company in 2026 to start posting and being more visible on LinkedIn. So, I'll just share like how I would go about that if I were in your shoes. I found that with anything marketing related, um pitching anything as an experiment that is time bound uh helps. No one wants to commit to posting forever. it seems daunting, but posting for a quarter and seeing what happens is a lot easier to stomach. >> Um, so I think I would pitch it as an experiment and I would clearly outline like this is what we're going to do. Here's how we're going to know if it's successful. Here's like two posts that I drafted based on the last two things that I heard you say on our last all hands or on your last two gong calls. Um, and and just go from there. Um, and also like if anyone wants to chat about LinkedIn, um, happy to happy to offer my help. I know um Colin was asking about thought leader ads. So happy to kind of share what we're doing there. >> Love it. And and you all are both in the Exit 5 community. So >> yeah, we are [clears throat] drive. >> Love that. Oh god, that makes me that makes my little cold heart warm. Um a last thing to to build on what you're saying just I I think another thing would be like I let's time bound it, but also let's stack the deck and like let's try to let's say we're writing for the CEO. Let's get her a hit like right out of the gate. like not maybe not like the first day, but it's like when you can feel that for the first time. That's how every time I've done this and I've worked with a bunch of founders over the years on this is like there's a all this conversation is great, but they just need to get it. Like when when we get Emer to write that first post and he gets a bunch of messages that that investor pops out of nowhere and DMs him like to to re-engage. It's like you need to get them to feel that early. And so like >> dopamine, >> let's spend a lot of effort. Well, it also just it's not even just a dopamine though. just like, "Oh, this isn't just going to be like we got more people to register for our webinar." There's like people, this is a real human platform. People reach out. All right, producer Aaron, roll it. Roll that poll. We make you uh Please rate today's session. Uh by given by real humans, no AI involved. Uh one through five. Five being the highest, four being the second highest. Three, two, one, zero. Lot of fives. We love it. Lot of four. >> Totally a five. It's totally a five. >> Lot of five. It was a five. Hey, look. I'm Look, I don't, you know, let's let the numbers let's, you know, we're we're data driven here. All right. This was awesome. I've been in Slack sending our team a bunch of ideas. Uh like someone should export the questions from this. There's a gold mine of uh content you could use to train the L. I don't know. Anyway, uh let's just real quick give a applause for for my my panelists. They're awesome. Emer, Dasha, and Finn. Find them on LinkedIn. Send them a connection request. Tell them that you heard about them today on the webinar. And uh thank you. We got the CEO in the hoodie today. Love that branding today. The the thank you to Agora Pulse for for helping us put this on. Awesome company, awesome session. Maybe we'll do some more stuff together. I hope to see you all writing on LinkedIn and [music] uh post more questions inside the exit 5 community. We'll help you. Thanks all. We'll see you later. >> Thanks for having us. >> Adios. >> Thank you. Thank you, Dave. Bye, everyone. Peace.
